¬
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_AZTECS_DESCR}	Ashkhan Sul-Matuul\n\n Ashlanders are the Dunmer nomads of the Morrowind wastelands. They claim to be the direct descendants of the Aldmeri peoples who followed the prophet Veloth into the lands now called Morrowind. They live in camps  formed of small, mobile huts, and typically spend time herding guar and hunting wildlife for meat and hides. The traditions of the Ashlanders give them the right to raid other settlements and other tribes for plunder and slaves. They are lead by Ashkhan, or warchiefs, and are counseled by the arcane wisdom and prophecies of their wise women. There also exists a strong belief in their ancestors. The Velothi are people of Ashlander stock who have abandoned nomadic life and settled among the native Dunmer.\n The Velothi are despised by their Ashlander cousins as being weak and soft, while the Dunmer look down upon the Velothi as an insignificant underclass.\n The Ashlanders believe in the anachronistic culture of the old Dunmer, which, for everyone else, has evolved into the theocratic Great Houses of today's other Dunmer. The Ashlanders see the worship of living Dunmer and the practices of Morrowind's main religious organisation, the Tribunal Temple, as an abomination.\n The Ashlanders prefer the simplistic culture and subsistence economy gained from being nomadic herders or hunters. Their ancestor worship and 'barbaric' ways are considered shamanistic and primitive by Dunmer and Imperial standards.\n Ashlander nomadic camps have portable huts bult from hides stretched on chitin frames. These huts can be quickly dismantled and packed atop a guar when moving to new grazing and hunting grounds. The khan's hut is simply a larger, more elaborate version of a family hut.\n The typical Ashlander is badly predisposed towards foreigners, and many wish for said foreigners and their false gods to be driven from Morrowind. Their desire is for the foreign devils to leave in peace. Ashlanders believe it shameful to attack unarmed persons, but they will kill without hesitation an armed person who egregiously offends them or their clan laws. While the pride of Ashlanders is not strong enough to wage unbeatable war against the Empire, it is strong enough to strike when the Empire appears to be weakened. \n Among clan and kin, Ashlander courtesy is very proper and polite. Outsiders would percieve them as harsh and cruel, perhaps hateful by nature. In their society, challenges are very solemn and serious affairs. They take no offense to gifts of money, and take them as tokens of deference and respect.\n Ashlanders may challenge a stranger who enters a yurt (tent/living place) without invitation.  Specific customs for this differ from tribe to tribe, but leaving when requested typically means no offense is taken. When challenged by an Ashlander for sport, it is acceptable to decline. When challenged for honor, however, it is shameful to decline. Honor challenges arise from offense given in speech or action, or may represent customary formal challenges of status or ritual.\n Ashlander pride is strong. The ways of an Ashlander are pure, but demanding to the untested. It will take a strong leader to bring the last true people of Morrowind honor... by force, or all out war if necessary.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_AZTECS_TITLE}	Tribes of Ashlanders
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_BYZANTIUM_DESCR}	Lord Naarifin\n\n In the language of the Ehlnofex, “Aldmeri” means literally “Home of the Elves”. Before founding of the Dominion existed two separate states -- Altmeri kingdom of Alinor, more commonly known as Summerset Isles, and Bosmeri kingdom of Valenwood. Present Aldmeri Dominion in actually a third one -- First and Second were run by the Altmers, or the High Elves, mainly in Second Era. The original Aldmeri Dominion was an empire founded by Queen Ayrenn in 2E 582, in the midst of the Interregnum. It was conceived after Ayrenn assumed the throne of Alinor and consisted of lands being today’s provinces of Summerset Isles, Valenwood and Elsweyr. The Second Dominion was formed in 2E 830 when the Summerset Isles conquered Valenwood over a dynastic dispute. When the heirs of the Camoran Dynasty sought to capture Valenwood's throne, a faction of Bosmer attempted to make peace with their enemies in the Colovian Estates by offering part of the Valenwood territory in exchange for the faction's own claimant. The Altmer, upon hearing of this, invaded Valenwood, citing a stewardship clause in a thousand-year-old treaty between their nations. The Altmer established Thalmor as the new government in Valenwood on behalf of their claimant Camoran Anaxemes. Since the Interregnum still gripped Tamriel, the Colovian armies were easily forced back by the Elves and the Second Aldmeri Dominion was born. Meanwhile, Tiber Septim rose to power in Cyrodiil and began his conquest of Tamriel. The nascent Third Empire expanded and encroached on Dominion territory, forcing the Bosmer attacks to subside. Although there was no formal declaration of war between the Dominion and the Empire, Tamriel had become divided between them in an unfolding clash of civilizations. The catastrophic use of the Numidium ended the long confrontation in 2E 896, resulting in the surrender of the Summerset Isles and the human conquest of Tamriel. The Second Dominion would represent the last time for centuries that the Elves of Tamriel ruled sovereign kingdoms on the continent, the legacy of the Direnni and Aldmer holdings.\n\n Third Aldmeri Dominion was born in the face of weaking Empire of Men, as a way to once again unite all Elves under single banner, and finally shake the chains of human domination. The Dominion can field very powerful -- even if not very numerous -- troops, and its mages are the most skilled ones in the known world. Bosmer archers and Altmer light infantry provide excellent fighting force, able to withstand highly disciplined Imperial Legions from Cyrodiil.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_BYZANTIUM_TITLE}	Aldmeri Dominion
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_DENMARK_DESCR}	King Gortwog gro-Nagorm\n\n Orsinium -- fortress and kingdom of orcs in Rotgarian Mountains, High Rock. \n\n First chief of orcs, who rallied them was Torug gro-Igorn. Then news about new kingdom came to ears of all orc rogues, they went to Orsinium. \n\n In one hand, chronicles of mankind describes Orsinium as fortress with brutal laws, and orc raiders, who held in fear all Bjoulsae valley. In one hand, orc chronicles describes themselves as peaceful kin. Both of them could be right. But all this data was destroyed with first siege.\n\n Armies of Daggerfall, Order of Diagna and Sentinel pushed orcs of Torug back to Orsinium just in thirty years. Fortress falled in 1E 980. Its walls were destroyed and became dust.\n\n Retreated orcs seeked for vault, but were expelled from everywhere. Orcs could create their state nowhere.\n\n But in 3E 399 Gortworg gro-Nagorm bought a land near old Orsinium and started to build a new town. Town didn't created negative reaction of commoners because of Gortworg's political talent. New Orsinium became a richful city, and after Warp of the West it has taken all central High Rock.\n\n Later, disruption occured in Orsinium - Gortworg started to honor Trinimac, and named daedric prince Malacath, who was symbol for all orcs In Tamriels. Who knows that cost will pay Gortwor for such dangerous game? \n\n
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_DENMARK_TITLE}	Kingdom of Orsinium
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_EGYPT_DESCR}		King Ashaad\n\n Hot are the sands of Elsweyr -- land between forests of Valenwood and marshes of Transniben, home to the Khajiit, feline race of cat-people. Nobody knows when they arrived here -- most probably Elsweyr is their ancestral lair, place of their origin. Civilization of the Khajiit predate known civilizations of Mer and Men on Tamriel, and in the ages past cat-people themselves were a lot more widespread than in the First Age. As described in A Pocket Guide to the Empire: “Topal the Pilot in his peregrinations around Tamriel encountered the Khajiit not in Elsweyr, but far up the Niben River, close to the Imperial City, where they preyed on other native creatures.” The desert in the times past was split into a number of smaller states, warring with each other for dominance and because of pride. That state of things lasted long until the time of the Thrassian Plague in 1E 2200 that devastated the whole of Tamriel in the course of hundreds of years. A large number of the peripheral areas of Elsweyr, destructed by plague and following war, split off and joined into the Cyrodiilic Empire of the Remans. This further sapped Khajiit unity though established a system of trust with outside powers. The Khajiit would remain loyal but non-enthusiastic about Imperial power and were one of the few supporters of the Akaviri Potentate Versidue Shaie who moved the Imperial court from the Imperial City to Senchal, a city in southern Elsweyr. Only the kingdoms of Anequina and Pellitine are known to have survived catastrophe of plague and submission intact, and they decided at that time to forge an Alliance of Peace -- thereby creating a unified confederacy under protection of the Empire of Men. “Sugar” wars and petty vendettas were forgotten, and chieftains tattooed new agreements on their faces. New confederacy was cemented by marriage -- Keirgo of Anequina married Eshita of Pellitine in 2E 309. In the light of the negotiations it is suggested the old Khajiiti saying was issued, “a perfect society is always found elsewhere”. With this, the Kingdom of Elsweyr was created, it's capitol to be in Ne Quin-al. Peace not lasted for long. Soon, the civil war broke the country, a bloody conflict that lasted for fifteen long years. Old hatreds lived once more, it appeared that two united states will in a moment fall into dozen of new warring, petty kingdoms. In 2E 324 Potentate Versidue Shaie was murdered by the Morag Tong in Senchal, soon afterwards the rebel Khajiit had sacked Ne Quin-al forcing the royal family to flee. \n\n Peace was restored by a religious leader and reformer, the Mane Rid-T'har-ri'Datta. Ri'Datta set out the cyclical pattern of power sharing that relied on the lunar patterns. He stated that Ne Quin-al would hold power during a full moon, Senchal the new moon, and Torval his own capitol, would hold power when the moon was at half. This left him with the most time shared in power but it was often divided into a number of other small kingdoms that rose and fell during this time. This act, called the Riddle'thar, created a principle foundation of power sharing that was able to appease all parties involved while remaining under the overall auspice of the Mane. Thus the Mane gained power and prestige as a figure for internal and external politics. In time, the Mane gained power of a dictator over whole Elsweyr, and to this day he rules the Khajiit as a head of the state, and head of the religion. \n\n Today the former areas of kingdom of Anequina (also called by its old name, Ne Quin-al) are directly ruled by a monarch from relatively young dynasty. In the north monarchic tendencies were always strong -- after all it was Anequina that was a home of old kings. Current Mane, residing in Pellitine, is a weak leader, and local kings and chiefs used this to their advantage, strengthening own position and bringing back menace of separation. Opposition against absolute domination of the Mane is strong in Anequina, and sentiment for independence still alive...
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_EGYPT_TITLE}		Kingdom of Anequina
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_ENGLAND_DESCR}	Emperor Uriel Septim VII\n\n The Septim Empire or the Third Empire is the largest and most powerful state in the history of Tamriel. It was founded in the Second Era by a Dragonborn, Tiber Septim, known as Talos -- or so the official records say.\n\n The bases of its formation begin to appear in 2E 852, when the young Talos, while serving under king Cuhlecain, defeated the Breton-Nord invading alliance at the Battle of Sancre Tor. In 2E 854 unknown assassins kill Cuhlecain (rumored to be a Breton nightblades), who was later also known as "Emperor Zero". The same killer tries to cut the throat of General Talos, but the latter survives, though because of the terrible wounds on the neck he was deprived of his ability to use the Thu'um. From that moment, General Talos takes a Cyrodilic name - Tiber Septim and takes the throne. This event marks the birth of the Third Empire.\n\n Now Emperor, Tiber Septim, in what would be known later as the Tiber Wars, begin victorious campaigns against the other nations of Tamriel, combining them into a single empire -- first of such kind since Second Empire of Cyrodiils. A special role in these campaigns has been played by the dragon Nafaalilargus and the Dwemer construct called Numidium, accelerating success in capturing  provinces such as Morrowind and Summerset, respectively.\n\n In 896 of the Second Era Alinor, the capital of the Summerset isles, surrenders after a brief siege by the Numidium. From that moment all of Tamriel is united under one banner -- the banner of the Septim Empire, and thus begin a new, Third Era.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_ENGLAND_TITLE}	Empire of Cyrodiil
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_FRANCE_DESCR}	The Hart-King Camoran Kaltos \n\n The first Era was founded after King Eplear, a Bosmer, and founder of the Camoran Dynasty, began his rule. Soon after this founding, the Bosmeri began to change, to suit the environments of the forest in which they lived. In return for the patronage of Y'ffre, the Forest God (either one of the old ancestor spirits or an aspect of the true pantheon), they swore never to kill, injure, or eat any of the vegetation of the new home, which became known as the Green Pact. The Bosmeri unity should be considered an important military feat in itself, as Eplear managed to unify the disparate groups into a unified group. In 1E 340, the Camoran Dynasty formed a trade pact with the human slave rebels of the Alessian Order.\n\n After the fall of the Second Empire in 2E 430, the Camorans tried to unify themselves once more under the one banner, however, they had drifted too far apart culturally. They then began to war with one another, the Khajiit to the east, and the Colovians to the north. As they were disunified, they offered no resistance to the encroachments made by the Maormer of Pyandonea.\n\n During the 5th Century, the Camoran Dynasty had reasserted itself, and, with the exception of the Blacksap Rebellion, managed to assert Elden Root as the capital. This would become the capital of the Aldmeri Dominion.\n\n Valenwood also became part of the Aldmeri Dominion, a coalition of the Altmer and Bosmer that was considered to be the most stable empire in Tamriel, and they ruled until the armies of Tiber Septim wiped them out.\n\n After conquering Valenwood, Tiber Septim wisely decided to let the Bosmeri retain some symbols of its independence, so as to limit dissension. Thus, they allowed the creation of local chiefs and the Camoran Kings to remain. The Camoran Usurper, slso known as Haymon Camoran, Hart-King, and Camoran Hart-King, began his deadly attacks on Valenwood in 3E 249. Two years later, in 3E 251, the Camoran Usurper had conquered all of Valenwood, and began his fateful march northwards before eventually getting defeated at the Battle of Firewaves by Baron Othrok of Dwynnen in 3E 267.\n\n At the close of the Third Era, significant changes were occurring in Valenwood. The Wild Hunt had been sighted again for the first time in "over 500 years." The "Walking City" of Falinesti has taken root for the first time in recorded history, and there is a new Bosmer prophet, the Precursor, preaching that the old Forest God Y'ffre is returning with new gifts for his favored people. Whether these are isolated events, or signs of some great change coming to Valenwood, remains to be seen.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_FRANCE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Valenwood
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_HRE_DESCR}		Lord Mehrunes Dagon\n\n Oblivion \n\n For many long millennia Mehrunes Dagon -- Daedric Prince of Destruction and Change -- was preparing for what he called “Tamriel Reborned” -- great invasion of the mortal world, and claiming it as his own. Lord Dagon believe that Tamriel, the Starry Heart, is in reality another piece of Oblivion, stolen by treacherous Daedra from its rightful Prince, Lorkhan -- the Missing God. It is only just that the Lord of Change of Revolution himself would lay hand on abandoned domain. When Dragonfires became unlit and barrier between Nirn and Oblivion disappeared, hordes of demonic forces led by disciplined Dremora legions invaded whole Tamriel in a swift strike, all under the banner of Lord Dagon.\n\n Nobody was prepared for this conflict. Oblivion gates maintained by powerful sigil stones were opened at once in every province, from mushroom forests of the Telvanni to rocky hills of High Rock. Hordes of Oblivion are commanded by hierarchic Dremora, who call themselves Kyn -- mighty knights of Lord Dagon, loyal and deadly, commanded by sense of honor and duty. There are also mortals who sided with the Daedra, calling themselves “Mythic Dawn” -- their numbers grow with every day...
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_HRE_TITLE}		Hordes of Oblivion
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_HUNGARY_DESCR}	Archmagister Gothren\n\n “The wizard-lords of House Telvanni have traditionally isolated themselves, pursuing wisdom and mastery in solitude. But certain ambitious wizards-lords, their retainers, and clients have entered whole-heartedly into the competition to control and exploit Vvardenfell's land and resources, building towers and bases all along the eastern coast. According to Telvanni principles, the powerful define the standards of virtue.” - quote from “Great Houses of Morrowind”\n\n Mighty wizard-lords of Great House Telvanni are the most isolationist, arrogant and traditionalistic of all Great Houses of Morrowind -- and the last is not a big surprise, considering that Houses rulers are usually thousands-year old masters of arcane arts, who were old already when Empire of Tiber Septim was young. The Telvanni believe that wisdom confers power, and power confers right. Many Telvanni are known to be necromancers, some of which drove themselves mad with the practice, and their retainers are often involved in illegal activities that made House Telvanni unpopular amongst other Houses. Given their distrustful and xenophobic nature, this is likely the way they prefer it to be. House Telvanni is also the main source of business for the Morrowind slave trade. As a rule, House Telvanni is known to be obscenely wealthy. Some accounts claim that as a whole, in the later years of the Third Era, the House had a net worth rivalling the riches of the Imperial Treasury. Much of this financial leverage was greatly mitigated by the fact that many Telvanni exhausted their resources with ceaseless bickering and in fighting. Entire cities had been known to change hands repeatedly between two or more Telvanni wizard-lords over petty grievances and minor disputes that had, over the centuries, grown into major blood-wars. Often, the citizens of Telvanni controlled regions did not care much for or even especially notice the internal politics of the Great House, as abstract magickal vendettas between lofty, never-seen plutocrats and their legions of paid pawns rarely interrupted the lives of the common Dunmeri serf. A few notable exceptions to this did occur in instances of Telvanni lords massacring each other's logistical assets, but the House had various ways of making such occurrences “disappear” when the public outcry became too great. Additionally, a great deal of Telvanni wealth was spent on purely hedonistic extravagance and many luxuries for which most Telvanni had no real use.\n\n “We trust all members of House Telvanni to use their own judgement. If you steal from another Telvanni, but still live, then clearly you deserve whatever you stole. Murdering your opponents by magic or treachery is the traditional way of settling disputes. If you win, then clearly your argument has more merit. You may be expelled as in any other Great House, but most Telvanni will not care or even know about it. Does this appeal to you?” - rules of the Great House Telvanni, as being taught to new members\n\n The House Telvanni have two capitals: Sadrith Mora on Vvardenfell and Port Telvannis, situated on Telvanni Isles in the Padomaic Ocean, north east of Morrowind. Its ruling body is the Council -- place of meeting for all wizard masters, represented usually by ones called Voices. Honorary title of the head of House Telvanni falls to the master wizard called Archmagister -- in most cases he or she is also the one most powerful, cunning and deceitful.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_HUNGARY_TITLE}	Great House Telvanni
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_MILAN_DESCR}		Lord Vivec\n\n House Indoril is one of the Great Houses of Morrowind. The great Chimer hero Nerevar was the head of this House during the early First Era. House Indoril is a staunch supporter of the Tribunal Temple. Many of the Temple Ordinators and other Temple heroes are members of this House. This connection has given it a big influence on all political decisions in Morrowind.\n\n Prior to Imperial conquest, House Indoril had been the dominant Great House throughout Morrowind's history. During the war with Tiber Septim's Empire, House Indoril was strongly against Imperial occupation. When Septim incorporated Morrowind into his Empire, Indoril refused to submit to Imperial rule. At the time the Lord High Councilor of the Grand Council, a council comprised of the heads of the Great Houses, was an Indoril and would not accept the treaty or step down, so he was assassinated and replaced with a member of House Hlaalu. More power struggles went on between the two Great Houses, with House Hlaalu, in support of Imperial accommodation, coming out the victor. Still unwilling to accept membership within the Empire, many Indoril nobles committed suicide, weakening the House.\n\n Currently, House Indoril has no territorial holdings on the island of Vvardenfell; all of its territory is located on mainland Morrowind. Its capital is Mournhold, also the capital of Morrowind itself.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_MILAN_TITLE}		Great House Indoril
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_MOORS_DESCR}		King Lhothun\n\n Hammerfell is the eternal outsider of the human lands, either regarded by the Imperial citizen as Tamriel's dark and exotic west or its most tempestuous and dangerous quarter, full of barbarians and cutthroats. Both descriptions are apt, and can be equally attributed to its people, the proud and savage Redguards. \n\n Under the provincial organization of the Second Empire, two Redguard "parties" formed to aid Cyrodiil's administration of Hammerfell. The ancient Na-Totambu ruling class retained the rights of noble council as the Crowns, and the much-admired warriors of the Ra Gada were finally granted rights of ownership within their tribal districts. This empowerment fundamentally changed the Ra Gada, who began to call themselves the Forebears, firmly announcing their status as the first Redguards on Tamriel. This republic, however, lasted only so long as the Cyrodiils were strong enough to support it. During the Imperial Interregnum, control reverted back to the hereditary monarchy of the Na-Totambu. The new "High King" was even so bold as to move his throne from Old Hegathe to the more prosperous Forebear city of Sentinel, which had, by this time, mastered a third of the trade of the Iliac Bay.\n\n After the death of the last High King of Hammerfell, Thassad II, in 2E 862, the Forebears took Sentinel by force in a bid to end the Crowns' oppression. Thassad's son Prince A'tor moved to recapture the city, resulting in the bloodiest massacre in Hammerfell's history. The Forebears sought aid from Tiber Septim and the Third Empire, and together they defeated A'tor's forces at the Battle of Hunding Bay. Septim took the opportunity to install Imperial governors in Hammerfell's major cities in a bid to draw the region into his burgeoning Empire, part of his ongoing conquest of Tamriel. The ruthless tactics of the governors resulted in rebellions in Stros M'Kai and Sentinel, however, forcing Septim to agree to a treaty with the Crown and Forebear factions in order to keep Hammerfell an Imperial province.\n\n Centuries later, the Thalmor of the Aldmeri Dominion would attempt to seize control of Hammerfell from the Third Empire. Emperor Titus Mede II's refusal to concede to Thalmor demands triggered the Great War in 4E 171. Aldmeri forces crossed western Cyrodiil and invaded Hammerfell's southern coast, easily sweeping through the scattered resistance put up by the disunited Redguards. Initially only seeking to conquer Hammerfell, the Dominion launched a full-scale invasion of Cyrodiil when it realized the Empire was weaker than previously believed. Imperial fortunes took a turn for the better in Hammerfell two years later, when a Forebear army from Sentinel broke the siege of the Crown city of Hegathe, leading to the reconciliation of the two factions. After the Empire's hard-won victory in the Battle of the Red Ring in 4E 175, the Empire and Dominion signed the White-Gold Concordat and ended the war. Outraged that the terms of the treaty called for a large portion of southern Hammerfell to be turned over to the Dominion, however, the Redguards soundly rejected it. Titus II was forced to officially renounce Hammerfell as an Imperial province to preserve the peace, and fighting between the Aldmeri and Redguards continued. In 4E 180, the exhausted Dominion agreed to the Second Treaty of Stros M'Kai and finally withdrew from the region, leaving Hammerfell an independent albeit devastated nation.\n\n Redguards are divided between the cosmopolitan, progressive Forebears and the fundamentalist, isolationist Crowns. The Forebears are the descendants of the Yokudan military class, the Ra Gada, and are generally open to outside cultures such as the Imperials and Bretons; the Crowns are the descendants of the Yokudan noble class and still prefer to shun outsiders, vying to preserve the customs and culture of their ancestors.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_MOORS_TITLE}		Clan of Forebears
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_PAPAL_STATES_DESCR}	Do not translate - papacy not playable in campaign
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_PAPAL_STATES_TITLE}	The Papal State
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_POLAND_DESCR}	Archmaster Bolvyn Venim\n\n “The Redoran prize the virtues of duty, gravity, and piety. Duty is to one's own honor, and to one's family and clan. Gravity is the essential seriousness of life. Life is hard, and events must be judged, endured, and reflected upon with due care and earnestness. Piety is respect for the gods, and the virtues they represent. A light, careless life is not worth living.” -- quote from “Great Houses of Morrowind”\n\n The Dunmer founded-and-dominated House Redoran is one of the six Great Houses of Morrowind. The house is made up of seasoned warriors who protect western Morrowind in the Velothi Mountains from Nord invaders from the province of Skyrim. Their holdings in the mainland of Morrowind include a large portion of the Western Mountains, the Northwestern Highlands and the Great Valley. Redoran believes itself to be beyond most of the other houses due to their honor and martial prowess. They hate the Ashlanders, considering them to be heretics against the Tribunal. Some segments of House Redoran believe they should be removed as well as the blasphemous vampire clans. While not priests or holy crusaders like House Indoril, the Redoran are nevertheless driven by firm religious convictions.\n\n “Great House Redoran praises all the skills of war. Not because we believe war is good or honourable in it’s own right, but because this knowledge is necessary to perform one's duty. House Redoran's warrior fight with a long blade and a shield or with a spear. A noble of House Redoran must also learn to use a bow and must be athletic enough for the long marches to battle. A Redoran wears heavy or medium armour depending on rank and strategy. A noble of House Redoran is expected to know how to repair and maintain his own armour.” -- quote from “The True Noble’s Code”\n\n The Council Seat of House Redoran in the district of Vvardenfell is situated in Ald'ruhn. Their main capital in the province of Morrowind is Blacklight. The House Redoran is ruled by an Archmaster, who is supported by his Councillors. In general, House Redoran is skeptic toward the Empire -- still, one can speak about sort of mutual respect between noble warriors of the Redoran and disciplined Imperial Legions. Also, House Telvanni traditionally disregard Redoran, with mutual disdain. Even highly conservative, Great House Redoran almost do not employ slaves, regarding the practice as dishonorable.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_POLAND_TITLE}	Great House Redoran
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_PORTUGAL_DESCR}	Lord Dagoth Ur\n\n “Pity Dagoth Ur and the Sixth House. All they do, all they are is foul and evil, but they began in brightness and honour, and the cause of their fall was their loyal service to you, Lord Nerevar. You told Lord Dagoth to guard the profane tools beneath Red Mountain, and thus he was tempted. He did your bidding when he tried to keep these tools from the Tribunal, and so he hates you, who betrayed him, and the Tribunal, who mocked his honour, attacked him, and stole the profane tools for their own use.” -- Peakstar\n\n Great House Dagoth is one of the ancient Great Houses of the Dunmer people -- but is no longer recognized as such by mainstream Tribunal narrative and rewritten by them history of the land. In an age of Old Resdayn, back in the First Era, when Dunmer were Chimer and Dwemer lived on Tamriel, House Dagoth was one of the most influential of Great Houses, rivalled only by House Indoril or House Telvanni. It’s capital was majestic stronghold of Kogoruhn, near base of the Red Mountain. Dagoths were strongly opposing webweaving politics of other Houses, their scheming in the shades and backstabbing -- Sixth House was known for its honour, loyalty and prowess in magical arts. Head of the House was Lord Voryn Dagoth -- today known as Dagoth Ur.\n\n Close advisor to the legendary leader of all Chimer, Lord Indoril Nerevar, called Moon-and-star, Lord Voryn at some point discovered schemes of the Dwemer, who planned to use Heart of Lorkhan to use power of the Heart of Lorkhan to make whole Dwemer race divine -- a way of escaping Nirn, which Dwemer considered flawed and unreal. War erupted when Dwarves refused to handle over the Tools which Kagrenac, their chief Tonal Architect and leader of blasphemous project, designed to manipulate the Heart. In great, long conflict, forces of the Chimer prevailed. Kagrenac used the Tools on the Heart, causing famous Dwemer Dissapearance -- what became of Dwarves, nobody knows. Then Nerevar instructed his friend and comrade, Dagoth Voryn, to take care of the tools, while he headed to meet with his councillors -- Alma, Seht and Vivec. There he was betrayed and brutally murdered -- power-hungry councillors went to the Red Mountain and wanted to obtain the Tools from Lord Dagoth. He refused, not wanting mistakes of the Dwemer to be made by his people. One versus three, he was overwhelmed and killed by the traitors, who used the Tools and became False Gods of the new Morrowind, that was founded on the murder of Lord Nerevar and blasphemous use of the divine power. But Lord Dagoth did not die. He was resurrected by the power of the Heart. He has risen more powerful than before, and rebuild Sixth House from scratch, sharing His divine power with followers, giving them Dreams of glory and hope for a New Resdayn. Lord Dagoth -- Dagoth Ur -- vowed to destroy false temple of traitor-gods and to push out the dogs of the Empire from Morrowind. He created Divine Disease to spread his power all over the province. Time of reckoning comes for murderers of Lord Nerevar comes, and Lord Dagoth Ur will soon spread His divine power over whole Dunmereth... and then Tamriel. \n\n Bulk of House Dagoth’s forces are formed by hordes of Corprus victims, those that had no willpower to withstand the divine power of Dagoth Ur. House Dagoth can also command powerful, trained warriors and mages. Mightiest of the servants of the Tribe Unmourned are “Sleepers” of many kinds, those who ascended and are connected with the Dream of Dagoth Ur, wielding potent spells and enchanted weapons.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_PORTUGAL_TITLE}	Great House Dagoth
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_RUSSIA_DESCR}	Chieftain An-Zaw \n\n For thousands of years lands of south-eastern Tamriel were used as a widely popular haven for all kind of thieves, smugglers and criminals -- place where you could quickly and easily disappear without a trace, and from where it was a short way to rich lands of imperial Nibenay or Dunmeri holdings of Dres and Hlaalu. Thick, tall trees -- ones that grow in no other place than this -- in shade of which one can become a ghost were, however, not the only thing native to these parts... Black Marshes -- because that’s how outsiders call this dark, foggy swamp stretching across hundreds of miles -- is a home to the Hist. What the Hist are nobody knows, other than that they are alien beings in shape of sentient trees. They were here since beginning of time, indeed some even say that they predate known history, that when even first races of Men or Mer were not yet born, roots of the Hist were already old. At some point of time the Hist created -- or adopted -- a servant race o humanoid, reptilian lizards, beings closely connected to the Great Trees. These reptilians call themselves Saxhleel, and are more commonly known as Argonians. Many times different empires -- that of the Elvenkind, that of Men -- tried to conquer Black Marshes, always failing in the task, defeated by swamp itself, by its many diseases, by its inhabitants, by climate and weather. In the ages past The Marsh was a house to other races as well, but for a short -- like silver-skinned men called Kothringi, or vulpine beast race, Lilmothiit. Kothringi were wiped out by Knahaten Flu Flu, which persisted for 41 years, from 2E 560 to 2E 601. The native Argonians proved immune to the effects of this plague, leading others to suggest that they and the Hist had created it... The Second Era saw also first in the history submission of the Black Marsh -- in 2E 2881 forces of Reman Cyrodiil II defeated the Saxhleel at the Battle of Argonia (hence the name Argonians). Natives retreated into inapproachable centre of the swamps, and Cyrodiil considered them broken and annexed. After the fall of Cyrodiil Dynasty and rise of the Potentate, Argonia became independent once again -- only to be conquered once more by Tiber Septim himself, man who united whole of Tamriel for a first time. \n\n For hundreds of years now Argonians have been living in the shade of their neighboors aggression and prejudice. Elves from the west and north see them as a little more than savages -- indeed, the hated Dunmer from Morrowind even trade with members of the Saxhleel people, treating them as a cattle. Men does not respect ancient tradition of the Marshes, always seeing it only as a place to prove themselves and satisfy their ambitions. But Argonians were already here when Empires of Men where young. Roots of the Hist grow deep, and the Hist do not forget. In the coming time of troubles a chance for vengeance draw near...
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_RUSSIA_TITLE}	Clans of Black Marsh
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SKYRIM_DESCR}	High King Ragnar the Snow-Shod \n\n “Some say that Skyrim is the most dangerous place in all of Tamriel. I think it is not. I think it is beautiful, and I’m happy that it I can call it my home” -- Mjoll the Lioness \n\n Skyrim -- Home of the Nords, Old Kingdom, the Fatherland, Throat of the World. One of the biggest provinces of the Empire. Land of impassable mountain ranges, snowy peaks (among which highest of them all -- High Hrothgar), frozen wastes, dense forests and harsh people. It was Skyrim -- then called Mereth, Land of the Elves, because of the Falmer people who dwelled here -- where Men of the North first set foot on Tamriel. Legend of mighty Ysgrammor and his Five Hundred Companions live till this day, legend of deserted Atmora, place of Nordic origin. It was the Nords that called their new home Throat of the World -- they know and believe that it’s here where sky touches the earth and becomes one. \n\n Land of Skyrim is located is northern Tamriel, separated from tropical Cyrodiil by Jerall Mountains in the south, and from ashes od Morrowind by Velothi Mountains to the east. Provinces of High Rock and Hammerfell lie to the West, behind rocky hills and uninhabited woodlands. Far, far to the North lies Old Atmora -- place from which ancestors of the Nords came from. Island of Solstheim, located in the Sea of Ghosts, is sometimes considered part of Skyrim, because of large Nordic population living there, but was never in fact part of any Nordic state. Borders of the Old Kingdom are dotted with mighty fortresses -- that’s one of the things that Nords learned from the land itself. Impassable mountains, already sufficient defense “structures”, inspired stark, tough Nordic architecture. Most famous of this citadels is called the Pale Pass -- castle on the border between Skyrim and Cyrodiil. It’s there where legendary Reman Cyrodiil, worshiped by Cyrods as the Worldly God, destroyed invading Akaviri army in the Second Era. \n\n Historians often -- albeit wrongly -- describe history of Men in Tamriel as history of succeeding waves of Nordic migration, from Old Atmora through Skyrim to the South. Men -- especially various tribes of Nedes in what is now called Cyrodiil -- were already living on the continent when Nords settled in Skyrim, but Men of the North themselves like to think of their heritage as of first human heritage of Tamriel. Truth remains that first great human political structures in this land was carved by Nordic sword -- they founded first kingdoms of Men, first in the north, then elsewhere. Nordic might was essential in establishment of the First Empire in Cyrodiil, under Saint Queen Alessia, and since then each Empire always sought support of Nordic strength, be it Reman Cyrodiil, or the Septims. Tiber Septim himself, divine Talos -- known in Skyrim as Ysmir, Dragon of the North -- is believed to have been a Nord, and he is the greatest conqueror in known history. Nordic victories are many any glorious -- they used to be rulers of Morrowind, which they called Dwemereth, and of large portions of neighboring provinces. It’s Nordic pantheon of gods formed a basis for contemporary Imperial Cult of Nine Divines. Nords use to see the Empire as their own, and never acknowledged any pretender as an emperor, if he wasn’t first seeking their support -- to mention only times in the Interregnum of the Second Era, after destruction of the Reman dynasty in Cyrodiil, when Nords fought with self-proclaimed Longhouse Emperors, and emperor Varen Aquilarios, their successor. As long as there are Nords, no elf will rule Tamriel -- and no empire will be built without strength of the Nordic sword behind it. \n\n Nords of Skyrim, Descendants of Old Atmora -- they are indeed the staunchest defenders of Men, always ready to seize power -- like they did in ages past -- when necessary.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SKYRIM_TITLE}	High Kingdom of Skyrim (held by Haafingar)
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SCOTLAND_DESCR}	Jarl Hrongar Pale-Rider \n\n “Some say that Skyrim is the most dangerous place in all of Tamriel. I think it is not. I think it is beautiful, and I’m happy that it I can call it my home” -- Mjoll the Lioness \n\n Skyrim -- Home of the Nords, Old Kingdom, the Fatherland, Throat of the World. One of the biggest provinces of the Empire. Land of impassable mountain ranges, snowy peaks (among which highest of them all -- High Hrothgar), frozen wastes, dense forests and harsh people. It was Skyrim -- then called Mereth, Land of the Elves, because of the Falmer people who dwelled here -- where Men of the North first set foot on Tamriel. Legend of mighty Ysgrammor and his Five Hundred Companions live till this day, legend of deserted Atmora, place of Nordic origin. It was the Nords that called their new home Throat of the World -- they know and believe that it’s here where sky touches the earth and becomes one. \n\n Land of Skyrim is located is northern Tamriel, separated from tropical Cyrodiil by Jerall Mountains in the south, and from ashes od Morrowind by Velothi Mountains to the east. Provinces of High Rock and Hammerfell lie to the West, behind rocky hills and uninhabited woodlands. Far, far to the North lies Old Atmora -- place from which ancestors of the Nords came from. Island of Solstheim, located in the Sea of Ghosts, is sometimes considered part of Skyrim, because of large Nordic population living there, but was never in fact part of any Nordic state. Borders of the Old Kingdom are dotted with mighty fortresses -- that’s one of the things that Nords learned from the land itself. Impassable mountains, already sufficient defense “structures”, inspired stark, tough Nordic architecture. Most famous of this citadels is called the Pale Pass -- castle on the border between Skyrim and Cyrodiil. It’s there where legendary Reman Cyrodiil, worshiped by Cyrods as the Worldly God, destroyed invading Akaviri army in the Second Era. \n\n Historians often -- albeit wrongly -- describe history of Men in Tamriel as history of succeeding waves of Nordic migration, from Old Atmora through Skyrim to the South. Men -- especially various tribes of Nedes in what is now called Cyrodiil -- were already living on the continent when Nords settled in Skyrim, but Men of the North themselves like to think of their heritage as of first human heritage of Tamriel. Truth remains that first great human political structures in this land was carved by Nordic sword -- they founded first kingdoms of Men, first in the north, then elsewhere. Nordic might was essential in establishment of the First Empire in Cyrodiil, under Saint Queen Alessia, and since then each Empire always sought support of Nordic strength, be it Reman Cyrodiil, or the Septims. Tiber Septim himself, divine Talos -- known in Skyrim as Ysmir, Dragon of the North -- is believed to have been a Nord, and he is the greatest conqueror in known history. Nordic victories are many any glorious -- they used to be rulers of Morrowind, which they called Dwemereth, and of large portions of neighboring provinces. It’s Nordic pantheon of gods formed a basis for contemporary Imperial Cult of Nine Divines. Nords use to see the Empire as their own, and never acknowledged any pretender as an emperor, if he wasn’t first seeking their support -- to mention only times in the Interregnum of the Second Era, after destruction of the Reman dynasty in Cyrodiil, when Nords fought with self-proclaimed Longhouse Emperors, and emperor Varen Aquilarios, their successor. As long as there are Nords, no elf will rule Tamriel -- and no empire will be built without strength of the Nordic sword behind it. \n\n Nords of Skyrim, Descendants of Old Atmora -- they are indeed the staunchest defenders of Men, always ready to seize power -- like they did in ages past -- when necessary.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SCOTLAND_TITLE}	Hold of Eastmarch
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SICILY_DESCR}	King Hlaalu Helseth\n\n "As a result of its close relationship with the Imperial administration, House Hlaalu has emerged as politically and economically dominant among the Great Houses of Vvardenfell and Morrowind. Hlaalu welcomes Imperial culture and law, Imperial Legions and bureaucracy, and Imperial freedom of trade and religion. Hlaalu still honors the old Dunmer ways -- the ancestors, the Temple, and the noble houses -- but has readily adapted to the rapid pace of change and progress in the Imperial provinces." —- quote from "Great Houses of Morrowind"\n\n The House is largely concerned with business and diplomacy, seeking to strengthen ties with at times unconventional allies such as the Empire, and although profit is often a primary objective, traditional Hlaalu practice recognizes the value of a good reputation over money. This is their great strength -- they are fast talkers and intelligent traders -- and their great liability; most Hlaalu are bribable, either with gold or with other favors, with their leaders as no exception. House Hlaalu retainers are also masters of thievery, sneaking, lock-picking, blackmailing and backstabbing, both literal and metaphorical. While some councilors are honest and fair, others are more under-handed and corrupt. However, House Hlaalu's most distinguishing characteristic is its willingness to live in harmony with the other races, setting it apart from the other, occasionally xenophobic, Dunmer Great Houses.\n\n During the Tiber Wars, which led to the foundation of the Third Empire, House Hlaalu was alone among the Dunmer Great Houses in proposing accommodation to the massing Imperial legions rather than resistance. After the Armistice was signed, the ruling Lord High Councilor of Morrowind, a member of House Indoril who refused to accept the treaty, was assassinated, and replaced by a Hlaalu noble.Furthermore, the role of the figurehead Sovereign of Morrowind was also filled by a Hlaalu; first Queen Barenziah, and followed, after her abdication during the Imperial Simulacrum, by her uncle King Athyn Llethan. After Llethan's death, the ambitious and ruthless Prince Hlaalu Helseth of Wayrest took the throne.\n\n When previously Temple-owned land on Vvardenfell was opened up for exploration and settlement in 3E 414, Hlaalu managed to grab the lion's share of the best lands in the fertile Ascadian Isles, and also got awarded the charter to the rich ebony mines in Caldera. Vedam Dren, another well-known Hlaalu noble, was the Duke of the Imperial District of Vvardenfell at the end of the Third Era. House Hlaalu was, on the surface, the most in favor of the Empire of all Great Houses, with allies in all the Imperial trade guilds.\n\n "In the great wind of progress, tradition cannot stand. Grasp fortune by the forelocks. When you see your chances, seize them. When you see a chance to turn a profit, take it. But do not follow money blindly. There is value in reputation, more than many young Hlaalu realize. This value must be carefully balanced against the more tangible coins in any deal. Theft and murder are bad for business. You can steal from someone, but will he trade with you after that? You can't bargain with a dead man." — quote from "Grasping Fortune
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SICILY_TITLE}	Great House Hlaalu
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SPAIN_DESCR}		Lord Ammun al-Taneth \n\n Hammerfell is the eternal outsider of the human lands, either regarded by the Imperial citizen as Tamriel's dark and exotic west or its most tempestuous and dangerous quarter, full of barbarians and cutthroats. Both descriptions are apt, and can be equally attributed to its people, the proud and savage Redguards. \n\n Under the provincial organization of the Second Empire, two Redguard "parties" formed to aid Cyrodiil's administration of Hammerfell. The ancient Na-Totambu ruling class retained the rights of noble council as the Crowns, and the much-admired warriors of the Ra Gada were finally granted rights of ownership within their tribal districts. This empowerment fundamentally changed the Ra Gada, who began to call themselves the Forebears, firmly announcing their status as the first Redguards on Tamriel. This republic, however, lasted only so long as the Cyrodiils were strong enough to support it. During the Imperial Interregnum, control reverted back to the hereditary monarchy of the Na-Totambu. The new "High King" was even so bold as to move his throne from Old Hegathe to the more prosperous Forebear city of Sentinel, which had, by this time, mastered a third of the trade of the Iliac Bay.\n\n After the death of the last High King of Hammerfell, Thassad II, in 2E 862, the Forebears took Sentinel by force in a bid to end the Crowns' oppression. Thassad's son Prince A'tor moved to recapture the city, resulting in the bloodiest massacre in Hammerfell's history. The Forebears sought aid from Tiber Septim and the Third Empire, and together they defeated A'tor's forces at the Battle of Hunding Bay. Septim took the opportunity to install Imperial governors in Hammerfell's major cities in a bid to draw the region into his burgeoning Empire, part of his ongoing conquest of Tamriel. The ruthless tactics of the governors resulted in rebellions in Stros M'Kai and Sentinel, however, forcing Septim to agree to a treaty with the Crown and Forebear factions in order to keep Hammerfell an Imperial province.\n\n Centuries later, the Thalmor of the Aldmeri Dominion would attempt to seize control of Hammerfell from the Third Empire. Emperor Titus Mede II's refusal to concede to Thalmor demands triggered the Great War in 4E 171. Aldmeri forces crossed western Cyrodiil and invaded Hammerfell's southern coast, easily sweeping through the scattered resistance put up by the disunited Redguards. Initially only seeking to conquer Hammerfell, the Dominion launched a full-scale invasion of Cyrodiil when it realized the Empire was weaker than previously believed. Imperial fortunes took a turn for the better in Hammerfell two years later, when a Forebear army from Sentinel broke the siege of the Crown city of Hegathe, leading to the reconciliation of the two factions. After the Empire's hard-won victory in the Battle of the Red Ring in 4E 175, the Empire and Dominion signed the White-Gold Concordat and ended the war. Outraged that the terms of the treaty called for a large portion of southern Hammerfell to be turned over to the Dominion, however, the Redguards soundly rejected it. Titus II was forced to officially renounce Hammerfell as an Imperial province to preserve the peace, and fighting between the Aldmeri and Redguards continued. In 4E 180, the exhausted Dominion agreed to the Second Treaty of Stros M'Kai and finally withdrew from the region, leaving Hammerfell an independent albeit devastated nation.\n\n Redguards are divided between the cosmopolitan, progressive Forebears and the fundamentalist, isolationist Crowns. The Forebears are the descendants of the Yokudan military class, the Ra Gada, and are generally open to outside cultures such as the Imperials and Bretons; the Crowns are the descendants of the Yokudan noble class and still prefer to shun outsiders, vying to preserve the customs and culture of their ancestors.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SPAIN_TITLE}		Clan of Crowns
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_TIMURIDS_DESCR}	Master Odron Marethi\n\n “Dres District is in the south of Morrowind, bordering the swamps and marshes of Black Marsh. House Dres is an agrarian agricultural society, and its large saltrice plantations rely completely on slave labor for their economic viability. Always firm Temple supporters, House Dres is hostile to Imperial law and culture, and in particular opposed to any attempts to limit the institution of slavery.” -- quote from “Great Houses of Morrowind”\n\n House Dres is one of the Great Houses of Morrowind, with presence only on the mainland. It governs the Dres District of south-eastern Morrowind from the city of Tear. The district include the fertile Deshaan plain, and border Indoril District and Temple lands and the swamps of the Black Marsh. It was formally established as a Great House by Grandmaster Thalthil Dres after an slave-raid over Thorn. The Dres have a mainly rural but still very wealthy agrarian agricultural society, maintaining vast saltrice plantations on the plains and marshes surrounding Tear. This Great House is also the one that enslaves and ships slaves to the other Great Houses, keeping thousands of captives, mostly Argonians, in their infamous slave-pens of Tear and the surrounding plantations. Dres society is rigid, very xenophobic and highly traditional -- to the point in which a lot of Dres start to reject the Tribunal Temple as an innovation. Daedric cults -- considering cults of so-called Bad Daedra, like Mehrunes Dagos -- are very widespread in Dres lands, even more so in comparison with other Morrowind districts. Hierarchy of these Dunmer take form of castes which are almost impossible to cross one way or the other. Unlike in the lands of the Hlaalu, merchants in the south are almost rejected, holding the same position as maids or non-slave servants. On the top of the social ladders are powerful landholders, each owning thousands of slaves. Head of the Great House Dres is called a Steward, and this position tends to be hereditary. Tribunal Temple holds special place among people of this Great House, existing outside of social caste system -- so even though Daedric worship is frequent, priests of the Tribunes hold great power. Indeed, Dres are a customary ally of the Temple and House Indoril. House Dres is so heavily dependent on slave trade that their agrarian economy rejects and remains hostile to the culture of the Empire, which abolished slavery everywhere except Morrowind. Economy of the House Dres relies mainly on slaves and plantations of saltrice. Saltrice, slaves, muck -- it is the glue that holds together thousands years old caste hierarchy.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_TIMURIDS_TITLE}	Great House Dres
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_TITLE}	The Elder Scrolls
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_TURKS_DESCR}		Nhad-Hatta the Mane\n\n Hot are the sands of Elsweyr -- land between forests of Valenwood and marshes of Transniben, home to the Khajiit, feline race of cat-people. Nobody knows when they arrived here -- most probably Elsweyr is their ancestral lair, place of their origin. Civilization of the Khajiit predate known civilizations of Mer and Men on Tamriel, and in the ages past cat-people themselves were a lot more widespread than in the First Age. As described in A Pocket Guide to the Empire: “Topal the Pilot in his peregrinations around Tamriel encountered the Khajiit not in Elsweyr, but far up the Niben River, close to the Imperial City, where they preyed on other native creatures.” The desert in the times past was split into a number of smaller states, warring with each other for dominance and because of pride. That state of things lasted long until the time of the Thrassian Plague in 1E 2200 that devastated the whole of Tamriel in the course of hundreds of years. A large number of the peripheral areas of Elsweyr, destructed by plague and following war, split off and joined into the Cyrodiilic Empire of the Remans. This further sapped Khajiit unity though established a system of trust with outside powers. The Khajiit would remain loyal but non-enthusiastic about Imperial power and were one of the few supporters of the Akaviri Potentate Versidue Shaie who moved the Imperial court from the Imperial City to Senchal, a city in southern Elsweyr. Only the kingdoms of Anequina and Pellitine are known to have survived catastrophe of plague and submission intact, and they decided at that time to forge an Alliance of Peace -- thereby creating a unified confederacy under protection of the Empire of Men. “Sugar” wars and petty vendettas were forgotten, and chieftains tattooed new agreements on their faces. New confederacy was cemented by marriage -- Keirgo of Anequina married Eshita of Pellitine in 2E 309. In the light of the negotiations it is suggested the old Khajiiti saying was issued, “a perfect society is always found elsewhere”. With this, the Kingdom of Elsweyr was created, it's capitol to be in Ne Quin-al. Peace not lasted for long. Soon, the civil war broke the country, a bloody conflict that lasted for fifteen long years. Old hatreds lived once more, it appeared that two united states will in a moment fall into dozen of new warring, petty kingdoms. In 2E 324 Potentate Versidue Shaie was murdered by the Morag Tong in Senchal, soon afterwards the rebel Khajiit had sacked Ne Quin-al forcing the royal family to flee. \n\n Peace was restored by a religious leader and reformer, the Mane Rid-T'har-ri'Datta. Ri'Datta set out the cyclical pattern of power sharing that relied on the lunar patterns. He stated that Ne Quin-al would hold power during a full moon, Senchal the new moon, and Torval his own capitol, would hold power when the moon was at half. This left him with the most time shared in power but it was often divided into a number of other small kingdoms that rose and fell during this time. This act, called the Riddle'thar, created a principle foundation of power sharing that was able to appease all parties involved while remaining under the overall auspice of the Mane. Thus the Mane gained power and prestige as a figure for internal and external politics. In time, the Mane gained power of a dictator over whole Elsweyr, and to this day he rules the Khajiit as a head of the state, and head of the religion. \n\n Today the former areas of kingdom of Pellitine (also called Pa'alatiin) are directly controlled by the Mane. Current one is a weak leader, and local kings and chiefs used this to their advantage, strengthening own position and bringing back menace of separation. Especially in the north, in the land of ancient rival of Pellitine, in Anequina, opposition against absolute domination of the Mane is strong, and sentiment for independence alive...
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_TURKS_TITLE}		Kingdom of Pellitine
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_VENICE_DESCR}	King Gothryd\n\n Identity of Daggerfall is a complicated one. While other great Albalic cities -- like, for example, Sentinel or Wayrest -- are cities of the Breton and are often considered cradles of native High Rock culture, Daggerfall provides a different case. Today it’s society is in many ways unique among many local varieties of Breton standard -- it’s more militarized, and much more obsessed with it’s past. There are many very credible archeological evidence suggesting that in the place of today’s city-state of Daggerfall used to exist many other settlements, not all of them even human. Daggerfall was founded a little before 1E 246 by invading Nords from Skyrim, who brought a rough sort of civilization with them during the Skyrim Conquests. Numerous legends exist for its name -- including that the first chieftain threw a dagger and let the spot where it fell act as the border. Skyrim only maintained control for roughly a century before the War of Succession cost it all its holdings in other modern-day provinces. However, Daggerfall actually thrived under Skyrim's rule and thus had an advantageous position over its neighbors upon independence. The kingdom became a power center for the Altmer Direnni clan, but still continued to thrive after they lost power in High Rock. By 1E 609, under the rule of King Thadore, Daggerfall was already the preeminent economic, cultural, and military force in southern High Rock, and it remained so for millennia.\n\n While all of the Iliac Bay region constantly jockeyed for power, two primary rivals for power emerged: Sentinel and Wayrest. At many times throughout history the conflict was merely economic. During times of peace, the nobility of Daggerfall and Wayrest were often known to vacation in Sentinel. In 3E 267, Daggerfall joined a large coalition of High Rock kingdoms to defeat Haymon Camoran, the Camoran Usurper. The kingdom often cooperated with its neighbors throughout history to fight against Orcs and Orsinium.\n\n Today Daggerfall -- after chaos often called Warp in the West -- is led by native dynasty, only nominally accepting sovereignty of distant, losing its power Empire in Cyrodiil. Being today biggest city in all of High Rock, Daggerfall plans to finally grab ultimate power for itself, not to still lie in the shadow of ancient Wayrest or Sentinel.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_VENICE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Daggerfall
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_MONGOLS_DESCR}	King Eadwyre\n\n Wayrest -- without a doubt one of the greatest cities in western Tamriel, perhaps even in the known world. On its streets astonishing beauty of today intertwine with still revered glory of yesterday, a brilliant hope for tomorrow for people of Wayrest and all High Rock. In the eyes of most Breton Wayrest easily surpass other Albalic cities -- there is no place that contributed as much as this one to the collective culture and history of the Bretons. City of White Marble, as it’s often called, is without doubt one of pillars of High Rock rich civilization. On the broad streets you can smell spices from all over the world, you can see wares brought by merchants from distant, exotic lands -- spirit of Wayrest is spirit of trading discoverers, spirit of proud people who suck their pride from mother’s breasts, but to not go around and show it to others, like upstarts from Daggerfall use to do. Walking around ancient boulevards one can feel twenty three ages of heritage -- but also loud voice of modernity.\n\n It is difficult for historians to declare a certain date for the foundation of Wayrest. A settlement of some variety had already existed where the Bjoulsae River feeds the Iliac Bay possibly since the 800th year of the First Era. The traders and fishermen of Wayrest were surrounded by hostile parties: the Orc capitol Orsinium had grown like a poison weed to the north, and the Akaviri pirates and raiders crowded the islands to the west. There is no mystery to Wayrest's name. After the fighting most travellers had to endure passing through the eastern end of the Iliac Bay, the little fishing village on the Bjoulsae was a welcome rest. Nowhere in the much vaunted censuses of the Skyrim Occupation is Wayrest mentioned. In the Annals of Daggerfall, King Joile's letter to Gaiden Shinji of the Order of Diagna contains the following reference: “The Orcs have been much plaguing the Wayresters and impeding traffic to the heart of the land.” The date given for the letter was 1E 948.\n\n Wayrest only truly bloomed after the razing of Orsinium in 1E 980. The hard-working traders and merchants were instrumental in forming the Masconian Trade Way and thus reducing the pirate activity on the Bay. At this time, Wayrest occupied both banks of the Bjoulsae. A successful mercantile family, the Gardners, built a walled palace on the High Rock side of the river and, over time, allowed banks and other businesses within its walls. It was a Gardner, Farangel, who was proclaimed king when Wayrest accepted ambassadors from the Camorian Empire, and was granted the right to call itself a kingdom in the 1100th year of the 1st Era. Although Wayrest became a kingdom under the command of one family, the merchants continued to wield incredible power. Many economists have alleged that Wayrest's eternal wealth, despite all her hardships, comes from this rare relationship between the merchants and the crown. The Gardner Dynasty fell, followed by the Cumberland Dynasty -- including famous High King of High Rock, first and the last in known history, Emeric I Cumberland -- which was followed by the Horley Dynasty, and many more in following centuries. No citizen of another kingdom of comparable age can, with one hand, name all the families who have ever ruled. Never has a king of Wayrest been deposed by revolution or assassination. Every king of Wayrest can trace his line back to a merchant prince. The traders and king respect one another, and this relationship strengthens both.\n\n One need only walk down the great boulevard of Wayrest to see physical proof of this unique alliance. Going north to south, Wayrest Boulevard suddenly divides, one half going west and the other going east. Both halfs end in identical squares: one at Castle Wayrest, the original palace of Aphren Gardner, and the other at Cumberland Square, where the oldest and wealthiest marketplace in Wayrest. The message here is clear: the king and the merchants are joined and equal.\n\n Wayrest has survived blights, droughts, plagues, piracy, invasions, and war with good humor and practicality. In 1E 2702, the entire population of the city was forced to move into the walled estate of the Gardners as protection against the pirates, Akaviri raiders, and Thrassian Plague. A less resourceful community would have withered, but the Wayresters have survived to enrich Tamriel generation after generation.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_MONGOLS_TITLE}	Kingdom of Wayrest
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SAXONS_TITLE} The Undead
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SAXONS_DESCR} King of Worms Mannimarco \n\n The Order of the Black Worm arose as Mannimarco recruited mages to form a series of cells, known as Worm Nests, each led by a Worm Anchorite, who supervised adepts, Worm Warriors, and thralls. New cultists were attracted by promises of great power for those who served loyally, and all were sworn to secrecy on pain of undeath. The Anchorites reportedly communicated with Mannimarco directly, though how they did so is not clear.Some, known as Worm Eremites, decided to become undead themselves, and were always guarded by undead minions. \n\n Archmage Galerion sought to root out and destroy these cells, but Mannimarco proved adept at recruitment. He sought out mages from within the Guild, outcast witches, and Reachmen wizards to bring into his underground, illicit Order. In most places in Tamriel, necromancy was considered an atrocity, but many officials proved susceptible to bribery or other influences, and turned blind eyes as the black-robed Order established stronger footholds in their domains. Members of the Order reputedly never spoke Mannimarco's name aloud, referring to him only as the King of Worms. \n\n Galerion attributed the proliferation of soul gems and soul trapping to the influence of the Order. Soul trapping had been taught only to the most experienced and dependable mages of the Mages Guild, both because of the potential for abuse and because it was technically a subset of necromancy. Nevertheless, it became common knowledge in the emerging community of mages, apparently as part of the Order's plot to make necromancy seem commonplace. Despite Galerion's attempts to co-opt the practice of soul trapping, ferret out cells of the Order, and generally diminish their influence, the practice of necromancy became accepted as a valid, and legally tolerated, magical discipline in some places around Tamriel, notably Cyrodiil.
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SHARN_TITLE} Kingdom of Sharnhelm
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_SHARN_DESCR} King Rodore Lariat \n\n Shornhelm is known as the Crown City of the North. Shornhelm's founding is unknown, but the Shornhelm heights are known to have a long and storied history. The city's earliest mention dates back to the Battle of Glenumbria Moors in 1E 480, where the settlement was present in the conflict against the Alessian Order. An event that is often recounted in Rivenspire is the Charge of the Shornhelm Knights, which consisted of knights of House Montclair. Among the greatest monarchs to rule over Shornhelm, following the death of the Reman Dynasty, was King Hurlburt of House Branquette, who led the armies of Rivenspire at the Battle of Granden Tor in the mid-Second Era. Following an invasion from Durcorach in 2E 542, the Kings of High Rock came together to form the first Daggerfall Covenant, the Kingdom of Shornhelm was brought into the alliance. \n\n Emperor Uriel Septim IV of the Third Empire had a difficult reign due to his lineage, constantly at odds with the Elder Council. He was the son of Empress Katariah and the Breton noble, Gallivere Lariat. Both neither directly related to Tiber Septim. He was able to rule because of the previous Emperor, Cassynder Septim, who acknowledged him as family. But with his death, his son, Andorak Septim, naturally ascended to the throne, but the Elder Council had disinherited it from him, and his cousin, Cephorus Septim II became Emperor. But as Andorak retaliated with conflict, the Elder Council had granted the Kingdom of Shornhelm to Andorak Lariat, where his lineage ruled ever since. 
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_EVER_TITLE} Kingdom of Evermore
{IMPERIAL_CAMPAIGN_EVER_DESCR} King Tristynak Talemelier \n\n  Historically, the Bretons of Evermore ruled over the region of Bangkorai. They faced constant harassment from the Reachmen of the mountains, who claimed the city as their birthright. Southern Bangkorai included the Fallen Wastes region of Hammerfell, and Evermore's rulership of it was often contested by the Redguards of Sentinel. \n\n They descend from the tribe of River Horse bretons that arrived at Bjoulsae Eiver during the First Era. Local traditions include the worship of Saint Pelin, a hero of the First Era who once served as a clergyman at Bangkorai Garrison. Due to Bangkorai's strategic importance to the Breton homeland, it is sometimes called the "Shield of High Rock"\n\n Nowadays, the lands of Bagkorai became fragmented and the Fallen Wastes region was returned to Hammerfell. The city-state of Evermore is ruled by King Tristynak. The Kingdom has a rivalry with Sharnhelm and the Imperial City.
{NORMAN_PROLOGUE_NORMANS_DESCR}	
{NORMAN_PROLOGUE_NORMANS_TITLE}	Empire of Cyrodiil
{NORMAN_PROLOGUE_TITLE}			Fouding of the Empire
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
{DAGGERFALL_TITLE}		Iliac Bay
{DAGGERFALL_DESCR}		Play as one of five factions of the Iliac Bay region of High Rock province -- Kingdom of Daggerfall to the West, Kingdom of Wayrest to the East, Kingdom of Orsinium to the North, Kingdom of Sentinel to the South, or displaced clan of Crowns hailing from the deserts of Hammerfell. You will fight for dominance over the richest region in Tamriel! Expand your domain, establish new trade routes, crush your enemies with strength of cavalry, infantry, magic and navy. Do not expect an easy win however -- you and your opponents are not the only ones who would like absolute domination over the Iliac Bay. The Cyrodiilic Emperor will certainly try to use the situation to his advantage and send his mighty Imperial Legion to High Rock, and Nords of Skyrim, these warlike barbarians always looking for a chance to pillage and destroy, are just next door, looking with greed on the rich Iliac region. Moreover, beware the dark prophecies of coming Oblivion Crisis...
{DAGGERFALL_VENICE_DESCR}	King Lysandus I\n\n Daggerfall -- already one of the most influential powers of the Iliac Bay, with ambitions of becoming even more influential. His Royal Majesty, king Lysandus I, and his only son, crown-prince Gothryd, can and must expand the authority of Daggerfall, especially against those who would like to invade northern reaches from beyond the sea. In the veins of Daggerfall people flows blood of old Nordic conquerors -- time has come to finally surpass ancient rivals from Wayrest and establish City of Daggers as true sovereign over all High Rock!
{DAGGERFALL_VENICE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Daggerfall
{DAGGERFALL_MONGOLS_DESCR}	King Eadwyre I\n\n Stability -- that’s the main goal of mighty Wayrest, City of White Marble. This ancient metropolis held dominion over Iliac Bay for centuries, only now to be threatened by foreign forces and arrogant upstarts. Protect your trade routes and your borders, reinforce power of the king, His Royal Majesty, Eadwyre I. Can all of this be achieved by the Old Wayrest? Time has come to expand influence of this city-state, and show pesky neighbors their place -- far below their betters from Wayrest.
{DAGGERFALL_MONGOLS_TITLE}	Kingdom of Wayrest
{DAGGERFALL_MOORS_DESCR}	King Cameron\n\n Kingdom of Sentinel celebrated not a long time ago -- a heir was born, in person of crown-prince Greklith, son of His Royal Majesty, king Cameron, and queen Akorithi. With this event time has come, decided members of the Forebears faction ruling in Sentinel, for expansion of Sentinels power over the Iliac Bay, especially against power-hungry Daggerfall and old, tired Wayrest. By chance, perhaps it's also possible to get rid of these Crowns fools who still undermine our centuries-old domination...
{DAGGERFALL_MOORS_TITLE}	Kingdom of Sentinel
{DAGGERFALL_SPAIN_DESCR}	Lord Ankola\n\n Nears the end of the fourth century of Third Era, in year 399, and time has finally come to expand Clan of Crowns sphere of influence. Foolish kings of Sentinel from upstart Forebears factions need to make room for us, because as far as memory goes, Hammerfell is too small for two kings. It’s time for the Crowns to relieve ancient times of glory, from before imperial conquest. Our noble warriors and strong ships will help us in winning incoming conflict. If the Crowns will be able to take control over the Iliac Bay, doors to the Hammerfell will stand widely open -- and the Old Ways will be sovereign once more.
{DAGGERFALL_SPAIN_TITLE}	Clan of Crowns
{DAGGERFALL_DENMARK_DESCR}	Gortwog gro-Nagorm\n\n Not long time ago, in 3E 399, mighty Orcish warlord named Gortwog founded the independent nation of Orsinium. Now, this Orcish state occupies all of the northern range of Wrothgarian Mountains, pillaging human villages and blocking trade routes. New king of the Orcs do not plan to stop there -- his schemes go far beyond the Wrothgar, as far as neighbouring kingdom of Wayrest and its riches...
{DAGGERFALL_DENMARK_TITLE}	Kingdom of Orsinium
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
{WAR_TITLE}		4E 171 - The Great War
{WAR_DESCR}		It has been 171 years since Martin Septim sacrificed himself to stop the Oblivion crisis, and in this time the problems of Tamriel have not abated. Only a few years later, the Red year devastated Morrowind and the Argonians succeeded from the Empire mounting a vicious campaign of aggressive expansionism into weakened Morrowind, all of southern Morrowind fell and the Argonian advance was only halted by the warriors of House Redoran. In the 49th year of the Fourth Era out of Black Marsh came the floating city of Umbriel spreading undeath and plague wherever it went.  \n\n Orsinium was sacked and the orcs have fled south East to the Mountains between Skyrim and Hammerfell to set up their New Orsinium. Daggerfall and Wayrest the two chief Kingdoms of High Rock remain prosperous secluded from the troubles of Tamriel, for now.  \n\n In Hammerfell the Crowns and Forebears continue to wage war on one another for the right to rule all Redguards.  \n\n The Dunmer begin to pick up the pieces of their broken Kingdom in Morrowind with House Redoran taking the reigns of power as the saviors of the Dunmer people.  \n\n Perhaps most worryingly a political party in the Summerset Isles known as the Thalmor managed to take control of the Isles and rename them Alinor, their influence soon spread as they backed a coup in the government of Valenwood which led to Valenwoods succession from the ever weakening Empire and joining the newly founded Aldmeri Dominion. Elsweyr succeeded from the Empire and serves as a vassal state to the Aldmeri Dominion. \n\n The new Emperor of Tamriel, Titus Mede II, only ascended to the throne 3 years ago in 168, but now faces a challenge like no other. The day is the 30th of Frostfall and an unannounced ambassador of the Aldmeri dominion has arrived in the Imperial City, he makes a list of demands to the new Emperor among the demands are hefty tributes, the outlawing of Talos worship, the disbandment of the Blades and ceding large areas of Southern Hammerfell to the Dominion, the Emperor refused at which point the Ambassador uncovered a cart he had brought to reveal hundreds of severed heads, the heads of ALL Blades agents in Summerset Isles and Valenwood. Thus the Great War Begins.  \n\n The Thalmor general Lord Naarifin emerges in the South of Cyrodiil from hidden camps in the borders of Elsweyr, and quickly takes a control of Leyawiin. Simultaneously an army led by the Thalmor Lady Arannelya marched through Cyrodiil from Valenwood bypassing Anvil and Kvatch and moving to Hammerfell and other Thalmor forces quickly began to land on the Southern coast of Hammerfell... \n\n The War has begun, the fate of the Empire and perhaps all Tamriel hangs in the balance, now is the time of TOTAL WAR!
{WAR_ALTMER_DESCR}	Lord Naarfin\n\n Humans, interesting creatures. They have so little knowledge of the world yet they assume to control it, i suppose it cannot be helped, they are such a short lived species. In a way i pity them, but their arrogance infuriates me. 
Not without the Numidium could Tiber Septim have conquered Alinor, he knew this as well. But now, the Numidium is gone, the Empire is fractured, and weak. Now is the time we Mer taught the younger races some humility. The Aldmeri Dominion is their future, they just do not know it yet. 
Our Great War has started, already we have begun conquering key Imperial territories with pathetic little resistance. I honestly expected more, I see i have overestimated Men. No, i do not think this war shall be long, and when it is over, all shall bow to Elven supremacy!
{WAR_BYZANTIUM_DESCR}King Talcar\n\n Humans, interesting creatures. They have so little knowledge of the world yet they assume to control it, i suppose it cannot be helped, they are such a short lived species. In a way i pity them, but their arrogance infuriates me. 
Not without the Numidium could Tiber Septim have conquered Alinor, he knew this as well. But now, the Numidium is gone, the Empire is fractured, and weak. Now is the time we Mer taught the younger races some humility. The Aldmeri Dominion is their future, they just do not know it yet. 
Our Great War has started, already we have begun conquering key Imperial territories with pathetic little resistance. I honestly expected more, I see i have overestimated Men. No, i do not think this war shall be long, and when it is over, all shall bow to Elven supremacy!
{WAR_ALTMER_TITLE}	Third Aldmeri Dominion
{WAR_BYZANTIUM_TITLE}	Kingdom of Alinor
{WAR_DENMARK_DESCR}	Gathurn\n\n  Spurned, Hated, Outcasts, these are the Orcs. Three Times Orsinium has been built and rebuilt, and three times has it been sacked. But the Orcs do not give up, they accept their curse. After the sacking of the third Orsinium many orcs left High-Rock migrating to the mountains of the Western Reach between Hammerfell and Skyrim, there they rebuilt the old city as New Orsinium.
A kingdom to stand the test of time, a new home for the Orcs. Yet now a great war breaks out, one not seen for hundreds of years, and word spreads that the Orcs stir... 
Now the orcs are masters of their own fate, it is time for a great Chief-King to form the Greatest Orsinium that ever was or will be! 
FOR MALACATH!
{WAR_DENMARK_TITLE}	Kingdom of Orsinium
{WAR_EGYPT_DESCR}		Jskar\n\n I shall truly miss the Warm sands when i leave. The hot summer air, the faces of my children, the hearth slowly smoking in my home. But such is my duty, to my people, to our allies, and to Elsweyr. Great Alkosh has spoken through the voice of his priests, a Red Sun rises, blood runs through the sands. The Omens are clear, War. Our Southern kin and Elven friends have called us to battle, they wish to bring the Empire to its knees. I just want to sit at home and chew Moonsugar, but my Honour calls me to war. Farewell dear Pelletine, I hope some day i shall return to you. 
{WAR_EGYPT_TITLE}		Kingdom of Anequina
{WAR_ENGLAND_DESCR}	Emperor Titus Mede II\n\n Founded by Tiber Septim at the end of the Second Era, the Empire of Tamriel has brought the continent security, unity and peace for over three hundred years. But the last Septim is dead, and Tiber Septims legacy slowly fades. Valenwood, Elsweyr, the Summerset Isles, Black Marsh and Morrowind have all been lost. The Empire is dying, but not all is lost. A great man, one with the vigor and determination of Tiber Septim himself could bring the Empire into a new Golden Age, it would not be an easy challenge but you can be sure history would remember their name. 
The Empire now faces a threat like no other, the Aldmeri Dominion have declared war, launching from hidden camps in Elsweyr and Valenwood they struck hard and fast, a counter-offensive must be mounted immediately, the Dominion must be driven back, the fate of the Empire hangs in the balance.
{WAR_ENGLAND_TITLE}	Mede Empire
{WAR_HUNGARY_DESCR}	Archmagister Neloth\n\n Oh woe is the Great House of Telvanni. We were masters of the arcane, the lords of the unknown, the seekers of forbidden knowledge. Yet with all our wisdom we could not see the Storm coming. The Argonians rose up from the black swamps while Morrowind was in a state of utter disarray. The Empire abandoned us dealing with its own problems. Our House, My house, was ruined. Our cities sacked, even Port Telvannis itself. Yet, we endure. We have hidden ourselves away and waited for the right time to strike, House Redoran sees themselves as the de-facto rulers of Morrowind, the stuck up Dres pretend to hold power while they lick the boots of the Redoran, pathetic. 
We once held the reigns of power in Morrowind and will. The rise of House Telvanni shall come...
{WAR_HUNGARY_TITLE}	Great House Telvanni
{WAR_MOORS_DESCR}		King Ennis\n\n We are the descendants of the Ra Gada, the noble warriors and adventurers that first reached the shores of Hammerfell and paved the way for the great Yokudan migration. We are the Bold, the mighty, and we will not allow those craven Crowned to take our rightful place as rulers of Hammerfell. We braved the seas and storms to venture to a new land while the Crowned rested in their mansions waiting to hear that WE had been successful and that the journey was safe enough for them. But, as much as we Forebears hate the Crowned, we are not fools. 
The Elves march from the south, even now they begin their invasion of Redguard lands, we cannot allow this, whether the pathetic Crowned join us or not, we will drive the Elves back into the sea!
{WAR_MOORS_TITLE}		Clan of Forebears
{WAR_POLAND_DESCR}	Archmaster Ilandris Venim\n\n We are the Great Warriors of house Redoran, ALL Dunmer owe us a debt that cannot be repaid. When the filthy Lizards from the swamps attacked Morrowind and slaughtered our people, WE halted them as the other 'Great' Houses fled in terror. 
For hundreds of years we have stood as the bastion of honour and strength in Morrowind. 
We knew the Empire was no good for Morrowind, that they would desert us, but we were not listened to, House Hlaalu welcomed them, and have paid the price. Morrowind can be rebuilt, our lands can be reconquered. And in the end, all shall know, WE are the might of Morrowind, her sword and shield. The Argonians, the other great Houses, they shall feel our strength.
{WAR_POLAND_TITLE}	Great House Redoran
{WAR_RUSSIA_DESCR}	Chieftain Busheeus \n\n  At the end of the Third Era the Oblivion crisis spread chaos throughout all Tamriel, Daedra pouring from Oblivion gates that opened in random places, how can you counter such an invasion? But deep in the swamps of Black Marsh the mysterious Hist trees communicated to the Argonians, they told them of what was coming and bade them to prepare. When the Oblivion gates opened and the Daedra poured out they were might by legions of Argonian warriors, the warriors not only fought the Daedra back but themselves went through the Oblivion gates. Black Marsh suffered little from the crisis and when it was over the Argonians looked over a weakened Tamriel. Then soon after the Red year devastated Morrowind, now was the time, the Dunmer had enslaved Argonians for centuries, the time for revenge was nigh. The Argonian armies rolled through Morrowind and unstoppable terror destroying many cities and conquering the entire south of the province.
Now as a great war brews in the west, the Chiefs gather their warriors, what shall be the Argonians next move?
{WAR_RUSSIA_TITLE}	Clans of Black Marsh
{WAR_SCOTLAND_DESCR}	High King Istlod \n\n Skyrim, home of the proud and hardy Nords lies in the cold North of Tamriel. It has been inhabited by Men since Ysgramor and his 500 companions sailed there in the Merethic Era displacing and waging war on the Snow Elves that made the land their home, forging the ancient and deep held animosity between Nords and Mer that persists to this day. The Nords believe in seeking glory and honor through battle, this is the way to the afterlife, a place known as Sovngaard where the greatest warriors of old revel and drink in the mead hall of the Gods. The Nords have stood by the Empire since the beginning, Tiber Septim himself was a Nord. 
But now, the Elves of the south have begun attacking the Imperial Heartlands in a bid to conquer the Empire. The legacy of Talos Stormcrown will remain standing! By Nord blood and steel we will send the filthy Elves back to their homes!
{WAR_SCOTLAND_TITLE}	Hold of Eastmarch
{WAR_SKYRIM_DESCR}	High King Istlod \n\n Skyrim, home of the proud and hardy Nords lies in the cold North of Tamriel. It has been inhabited by Men since Ysgramor and his 500 companions sailed there in the Merethic Era displacing and waging war on the Snow Elves that made the land their home, forging the ancient and deep held animosity between Nords and Mer that persists to this day. The Nords believe in seeking glory and honor through battle, this is the way to the afterlife, a place known as Sovngaard where the greatest warriors of old revel and drink in the mead hall of the Gods. The Nords have stood by the Empire since the beginning, Tiber Septim himself was a Nord. 
But now, the Elves of the south have begun attacking the Imperial Heartlands in a bid to conquer the Empire. The legacy of Talos Stormcrown will remain standing! By Nord blood and steel we will send the filthy Elves back to their homes!
{WAR_SKYRIM_TITLE}	Hold of Haafingar (now High King)
{WAR_SPAIN_DESCR}		Lord Talib \n\n  Na-Totambu we were once known as. The noble ruling class of Yokuda, we guided our people to peace and prosperity, to a golden age for Yokuda, an age of plenty. How quickly our people forget. Those vagabonds and descendants of pirates that call themselves the Forebears rip Hammerfell apart in an attempt to usurp our power. We shall not allow it! The Great Alik'r desert is home to the graves of many, these Forebears shall find their own graves there too.
But, even with our hatred of the Forebears, trouble is brewing. The Aldmeri Dominion strikes against the Empire, and worse, strikes against Hammerfell. The Forebears are bad but at least they are Redguard too, we will not suffer Elven conquerors on our lands. 
Ready the armies of Hammerfell, we march to War.
{WAR_SPAIN_TITLE}		Clan of Crowns
{WAR_TIMURIDS_DESCR}	Steward Zanmulk Marethi\n\n The Noble history of Great House Dres stretches back far. We are traditionalists, holding to the ways of our esteemed ancestors. We remember Morrowind as it should be, even if the other Great Houses forget.
Historically our House were known as a "slaver" house, not completely true but not entirely false either. We have indeed over the years profited greatly from the Slave Trade that has passed by our shores, but we have not needed it. We are Great House Dres! Our power does not rely on a few slaves, yet, our slaving reputation was our downfall. When the Marsh Lizards marched North we were the first hit, they apparently held a deep dislike for us for having traded in Argonians slaves at various points. Bah! Filthy creatures, they may have thrown us out of our home, but House Dres is not destroyed, oh no, we shall return to Tear killing and shackling all the savages that stand in our way!
{WAR_TIMURIDS_TITLE}	Great House Dres
{WAR_TURKS_DESCR}		Rajahirr\n\n This one has seen the future, this one knows our destiny. We have wasted away under Imperial rule for too long. 
The Elves freed us, they returned to us Masser and Secunda. We owe them everything. While the humans shun us as thieves and criminals, the Aldmeri Dominion welcomed us as allies. They understand our worth in ways the Imperials never could. And now our friends have called us to battle. The Mane has spoken, we march north, to War. Riddle'Thar guide us.
{WAR_TURKS_TITLE}		Kingdom of Pellitine
{WAR_VENICE_DESCR}	King Gerard\n\n The Great Kingdom of Daggerfall is the Strongest and Largest of the Breton kingdoms of High Rock. Situated in the far 
South-Western tip of high Rock, the Capital city (from which the kingdom takes it's name) Daggerfall sits on the shores of the rich Iliac bay. Its psotion has allowed the Kingdom control of all trade passing to and from the North and South, bringing in great sums of wealth to the city. 
Daggerfall lost much wealth and strength at the time of the Oblivion crisis due to Daedra attacks on their land, however, since then they have managed to live in relative peace, rebuilding what was lost. 
But now with the Aldmeri Dominion pushing North, the Bretons prepare to answer the call of The Empire. The Line of Lysandus will lead Daggerfall to victory!
{WAR_VENICE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Daggerfall
{WAR_MONGOLS_DESCR}	King Eugal\n\n The Jewel of the Iliac, Wayrest is among the most powerful kingdoms of High Rock. Situated at the mouth of the Bjoulsae river on the border of High Rock and Hammerfell, Wayrest is primarily a trading hub. Not as old or powerful as Daggerfall, they rely on trade to bring wealth to the city. After the sacking of Orsinium, Wayrest despite the Oblivion Crisis entered a Golden Age. Their population has swelled to outnumber even Daggerfall and their is no shortage of Wealth. 
Yet Dark days are on the Horizon, the Third Aldmeri Dominion has begun it's "Great War" with the Empire. Wayrest have profited greatly from the Empire, now they shall repay them in kind as legions of Bretons sail south to aid the Imperial Legions.
{WAR_MONGOLS_TITLE}	Kingdom of Wayrest
{WAR_SHARN_TITLE}	Kingdom of Sharnhelm
{WAR_EVER_TITLE}	Kingdom of Evermore
{WAR_FRANCE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Valenwood
{WAR_AZTECS_TITLE}	Tribes of Ashlanders
{WAR_MILAN_TITLE}	House Indoryl
{WAR_FRANCE_DESCR} Eraegaer Camoran \n\n Seeking to recreate the Aldmeri Dominion, the Thalmor expanded their power into the provinces of Valenwood, Elsweyr, and briefly into Cyrodiil and Hammerfell. Summerset became independent shortly after the Oblivion Crisis, with the Thalmor taking credit for ending the crisis. Shortly after, the Thalmor and their sympathizers in Valenwood organised a coup to remove Imperial rule. However, since not all of Valenwood agreed to Thalmor rule, rebellions occured. These were funded by the Penitus Oculatus, however, despite the efforts of the Penitus Oculatus, most of these rebellions were taken down harshly. Following the consolidation of Valenwood and the Summerset Isles into the Third Aldmeri Dominion, the Dominion began a policy of expanding Aldmeri influence and power across Tamriel at the expense of the Third Empire of Cyrodiil. By claiming they had returned the Moons following the Void Nights, the Thalmor were seen as the saviors of the Khajiiti people, which resulted in adding the Khajiiti kingdoms of Anequina and Pelletine as client states to the Dominion. However, this expansion caught even more attention of the Third Empire, which began a rivalry between the Dominion and the Empire that would ultimately lead up to the Great War, a devastating war fought between the Dominion and Empire. After 70 years of shutting communications with the Empire, it reestablished diplomatic relations with it. \n\n Following the Great War, the Aldmeri Dominion experienced increased prestige and power that the Mer had not possessed since the Second Aldmeri Dominion, which had been defeated by Tiber Septim in the final years of the Second Era. Confident of its ability to dictate the Empire, the Dominion further expanded its influence into the other provinces of Tamriel. Rumors now hold that the Aldmeri Dominion are 'cleansing' Valenwood, this has led to Bosmer such as Malborn, a Wood Elf in Skyrim whose family was murdered in such an event, to begin to work against them. \n\nThe Bosmer allegedly made the Pact with Y'ffre, the Forest Deity. The Bosmer were religiously carnivorous and cannibalistic as a result of the Green Pact, a central portion of the Bosmer faith. The Green Pact is never explicitly shown, but in its simplest form, it sets these rules down: Bosmer may only consume meat-based products and are forbidden to harm any plant for their own betterment. As a result of these stipulations, Bosmer are dependent on either stone or imported timber for construction purposes. \n\n The Green Pact has also heavily impacted Bosmeri cuisine, combat, and weaponry. They have developed methods of fermenting meat and milk to develop powerful alcoholic beverages and weapons such as bows are often made of treated and shaped bones. Most notable about Bosmeri combat is their stipulation that a combatant must consume an enemy's corpse within 3 days of killing them. Their families are allowed to help eat the kill. This has led to changes in approaches to combat, such as fasting and planning family feasts following a battle. They also cannot smoke anything of a vegetable nature. Bone pipes are common, however, and are filled with caterpillars or tree grubs.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
{CONCORDAT_TITLE}		4E 175 - The White-Gold Concordat
{CONCORDAT_DESCR}	       4 Years have passed since the Great War began. Since then Southern Hammerfell has been conquered by the Dominion as well as southern Cyrodiil and even the Imperial City was sacked and occupied. \n\n Titus Mede II, Emperor of Tamriel has made his last, bold, move, he gathered his legions for a march on the Imperial City itself to retake it from the Thalmor, in a surprise attack the City was surrounded and liberated. \n\n The Thalmor general Naarifin who led the conquest of Cyrodiil and the infamous sacking of the Imperial City itself inflicting untold horrors on the innocent residents, was hung with a rope from the White-Gold Tower and kept alive for thirty-three days as Justice and vengeance for his actions. Yet the battle of the Red Diamond was a Pyrrhic Victory for the Imperials, they have lost too many men to keep this war going.. Titus knows that this may be his last and only chance for peace, while Alinor still reels from the news of the loss of Cyrodiil the Emperor sends word he is ready to make a peace and end the war. The treaty holds many of the same demands the Thalmor had asked for before the war, the outlawing of Talos worship in the Empire and the disbandment of the diminished Blades are both accepted terms, as well as the Emperor agreeing to cede southern Hammerfell to the dominion. The treaty is signed by the Emperor in the White-Gold Tower itself thus earning the name "The White-Gold Concordat". \n\n Meanwhile the former rivalries of the Clans and Forebears have been put aside, the Redguards stand together against their common foe. They denounce the Imperial submission and most of all blatantly refuse to hand over southern Hammerfell to the Dominion, they continue the fight against the Elves and the Emperor has no choice but to disown them and declare them no longer a part of the Empire, this causes relations between the Empire and the Redguards to cease, and this abandonment will not soon be forgotten. \n\n Meanwhile in Morrowind House Redoran has managed to push further south ever so slightly retaking formerly annexed lands from the Argonians, full scale war does not erupt as the Argonians begin to pull back allowing the Dunmer some small amount of their past lands. \n\n In Skyrim the Forsworn Reachmen manage to conquer Markarth in the chaos of the war forcing the Nords out. Ulfric Stormcloack Jarl of Windhelm leads a Nord Militia in the retaking of the city with the assurance from Igmund the rightful Jarl of Markarth that the ban on Talos worship would be lifted if he retook the city. Ulfric and his militia defeated the Forsworn occupying the city and captured their King Madanach. Igmund keeps his word as Jarl allowing the worship of Talos, but when Imperial reinforcements arrived to restore rule of law Ulfric wouldn't allow them entry until they agreed to allow the worship of Talos in the Empire, with looting and death on Markarths streets the Imperials accepted Ulfrics terms thus possibly jeopardizing the peace with the Aldmeri Dominion. \n\n Eventually under pressure from the Thalmor the Empire rescinded their agreement with Ulfric and had he and his Militia are ousted from the city and arrested. \n\n One Great War has ended, but the peace will not last, what shall be the fate of Hammerfell and the Empire in this time of TOTAL WAR...
{CONCORDAT_BYZANTIUM_TITLE}	Kingdom of Alinor
{CONCORDAT_ALTMER_TITLE}	Third Aldmeri Dominion
{CONCORDAT_DENMARK_TITLE}	Kingdom of Orsinium
{CONCORDAT_EGYPT_TITLE}		Kingdom of Anequina
{CONCORDAT_ENGLAND_TITLE}	Mede Empire
{CONCORDAT_HUNGARY_TITLE}	Great House Telvanni
{CONCORDAT_MOORS_TITLE}		Clan of Forebears
{CONCORDAT_POLAND_TITLE}	Great House Redoran
{CONCORDAT_RUSSIA_TITLE}	Clans of Black Marsh
{CONCORDAT_SCOTLAND_TITLE}	Hold of Eastmarch
{CONCORDAT_SKYRIM_TITLE}	Hold of Haafingar (now High King)
{CONCORDAT_SPAIN_TITLE}		Clan of Crowns
{CONCORDAT_TIMURIDS_TITLE}	Great House Dres
{CONCORDAT_TURKS_TITLE}		Kingdom of Pellitine
{CONCORDAT_VENICE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Daggerfall
{CONCORDAT_MONGOLS_TITLE}	Kingdom of Wayrest
{CONCORDAT_FRANCE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Valenwood
{CONCORDAT_SHARN_TITLE}	Kingdom of Sharnhelm
{CONCORDAT_EVER_TITLE}	Kingdom of Evemore
{CONCORDAT_MILAN_TITLE}	House Indoryl
{CONCORDAT_AZTECS_TITLE}	Tribes of Ashlanders


____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
{STORMCLOAK_TITLE}		4E 201 - Stormcloak Rebellion
{STORMCLOAK_DESCR}		        4E - 201 A year that will go down in history and legend both, the year of the last Dragonborn. \n\n 5 years after the Great War had ended, the Redguards of Hammerfell were still fighting against the Aldmeri occupation.  \n\n They had been abandoned by the Empire and left alone, but this struggle had brought the bickering clans of Hammerfell together, the Crowns and Forebears put aside their age old rivalries and stood united against the Elves, alone, they managed to fight the Elves to a standstill, and in the year 180 the Second Treaty of Stros M'Kai was signed, all remaining Dominion forces withdrew from Hammerfell. \n\n High Rock had been spared many of the horrors of the Great War due to it's position far from the fronts, but its time of peace did not last. In the year 188 Corsair pirates sacked the Great trade city of Wayrest and took it over, a golden age in the Kingdom of Wayrests history quickly came to a violent end. Meanwhile in Cyrodiil unrest was rife, criminals roamed freely as the weakened Empire clung to what strength they had left. In Bravil two major players in the Skooma trade decided to use the city as their battleground. Riots and looting took over the city, even the Lucky Lady statue was destroyed, and it took weeks for guards to restore order. \n\n In Skyrim the young High King Torygg ruled, his father Istlod, who had led Skyrim in the Great War had died a few years earlier and Torygg had been near unanimously voted High King, one who spoke against Torygg was Ulfric Stormcloak, Jarl of Windhelm.  \n\n After the Markarth incident Ulfric began to lose faith in the Empire, he believed it was no longer the proud strong Empire it had once been, the Empire forged by Talos, had abandoned him... No longer would Ulfric bend his knee to Torygg, no longer would he sit by while the Elves steal away people in the night. Ulfric rode to the Great Capital of Skyrim, Solitude. There before the Kings court he issued a challenge to Torygg, an old Nord custom, a duel of Honor and Strength. Torygg knew Ulfric was a greater warrior, and that Ulfric could use the Thu'um, he respected Ulfric, and he was no coward, he accepted his death like a true Nord. And so Ulfric used his Thu'um and shouted the brave young King apart, he then fled the city on horseback with guards in pursuit. The Imperials decried him as a traitor and coward guilty of regicide, and ordered his arrest, Ulfric raised his banner in Rebellion and several of the holds of Skyrim followed him.  \n\n Skyrim is split in two, the Civil War has begun. Yet... their may be greater threats on the horizon... For the Scrolls have foretold of Black Wings in the Cold that when Brothers Wage War Come Unfurled!!
{STORMCLOAK_BYZANTIUM_TITLE}	Kingdom of Alinor
{STORMCLOAK_ALTMER_TITLE}	Third Aldmeri Dominion
{STORMCLOAK_DENMARK_TITLE}	Kingdom of Orsinium
{STORMCLOAK_EGYPT_TITLE}		Kingdom of Anequina
{STORMCLOAK_ENGLAND_TITLE}	Mede Empire
{STORMCLOAK_HUNGARY_TITLE}	Great House Telvanni
{STORMCLOAK_MILAN_TITLE}	Great House Indoryl
{STORMCLOAK_MOORS_TITLE}		Clan of Forebears
{STORMCLOAK_POLAND_TITLE}	Great House Redoran
{STORMCLOAK_RUSSIA_TITLE}	Clans of Black Marsh
{STORMCLOAK_SCOTLAND_TITLE}	Stormcloaks
{STORMCLOAK_SKYRIM_TITLE}	Hold of Haafingar
{STORMCLOAK_SPAIN_TITLE}		Clan of Crowns 
{STORMCLOAK_TIMURIDS_TITLE}	Great House Dres 
{STORMCLOAK_TURKS_TITLE}		Kingdom of Pellitine 
{STORMCLOAK_VENICE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Daggerfall
{STORMCLOAK_MONGOLS_TITLE}	Kingdom of Wayrest
{STORMCLOAK_FRANCE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Valenwood
{STORMCLOAK_EVER_TITLE}	Kingdom of Evermore
{STORMCLOAK_SHARN_TITLE}	Kingdom of Sharnhelm
{STORMCLOAK_AZTECS_TITLE}	Tribes of Ashlanders
{STORMCLOAK_BYZANTIUM_DESCR}	Talcar Aran Alinor\n\n  The Third Aldmeri Dominion, colloquially known as the Aldmeri Dominion, is a powerful union established in 4E 29 by the Thalmor, a group of radical, nationalist Altmer in the Summerset Isles who advocated for the supremacy of the various races of Mer over Men.
\n\nSeeking to recreate the First Aldmeri Dominion, the Thalmor expanded their empire into the provinces of Valenwood, Elsweyr, and briefly into Cyrodiil and Hammerfell during the Great War.
\n\nFollowing the consolidation of Valenwood and the Summerset Isles into the Third Aldmeri Dominion, the Dominion began a policy of expanding Aldmeri influence and power across Tamriel at the expense of the Third Empire of Cyrodiil. The Aldmeri Dominion first expanded into Elsweyr, adding the Khajiiti kingdoms of Anequina and Pelletine as its client states, and reformed The Elsweyr Confederacy. However, this expansion caught the attention of the Third Empire, which began a rivalry between the Dominion and the Empire that would ultimately lead up to the Great War, a devastating war fought between the Dominion and the Empire.
\n\nFollowing the White-Gold Concordat, the Third Aldmeri Dominion experienced increased prestige and power that the Mer had not possessed since the First Aldmeri Dominion. Confident of its ability to defeat the Third Empire, the Dominion further expanded its influence into the other provinces of Tamriel. It also reestablished diplomatic relations with the Third Empire, even though each were still engaged in a cold war.
{STORMCLOAK_ALTMER_DESCR}	High Justiciar Falcar\n\n  The Third Aldmeri Dominion, colloquially known as the Aldmeri Dominion, is a powerful union established in 4E 29 by the Thalmor, a group of radical, nationalist Altmer in the Summerset Isles who advocated for the supremacy of the various races of Mer over Men.
\n\nSeeking to recreate the First Aldmeri Dominion, the Thalmor expanded their empire into the provinces of Valenwood, Elsweyr, and briefly into Cyrodiil and Hammerfell during the Great War.
\n\nFollowing the consolidation of Valenwood and the Summerset Isles into the Third Aldmeri Dominion, the Dominion began a policy of expanding Aldmeri influence and power across Tamriel at the expense of the Third Empire of Cyrodiil. The Aldmeri Dominion first expanded into Elsweyr, adding the Khajiiti kingdoms of Anequina and Pelletine as its client states, and reformed The Elsweyr Confederacy. However, this expansion caught the attention of the Third Empire, which began a rivalry between the Dominion and the Empire that would ultimately lead up to the Great War, a devastating war fought between the Dominion and the Empire.
\n\nFollowing the White-Gold Concordat, the Third Aldmeri Dominion experienced increased prestige and power that the Mer had not possessed since the First Aldmeri Dominion. Confident of its ability to defeat the Third Empire, the Dominion further expanded its influence into the other provinces of Tamriel. It also reestablished diplomatic relations with the Third Empire, even though each were still engaged in a cold war.
{STORMCLOAK_DENMARK_DESCR}	King Gathurn gro-Nagorm\n\n  The very First Orsinium, sometimes known as "Torug's Folly", was founded by Orc chieftain Torug gro-Igron, after Warlord Thulgeg led a great emigration of Orsimer and Goblins to the Wrothgarian Mountains in 1E 874. A number of the settlers were beastmen set free by the rulers of the Summerset Isles and permitted to settle lands north of Valenwood. At first, it was just a small collection of huts. As word spread to the other Orcs of Tamriel about this rising civilization high in the Wrothgarian Mountains it soon grew to house more permanent structures.
\n\nIn its early stages, the other races of Tamriel deemed it a place ruled by savage law which raided its neighbors along the Bjoulsae River. It was thought by the Bretons to be little more than a desolate mountain region where Orcs scratched a meager living off rocks and secretly coveted the lands and the settled livelihood of their valley-bound neighbors. Orc historians however, claim this is simply Breton superstition and exaggeration. They claim Orsinium was always a peaceful land whose inhabitants made their way by simple agriculture and commerce. In truth however, the matter boils down to the roles of the Orsimer clans residing in the city. Clan Bagrakh committed the raids in honor of Clan Igron and King Golkarr. The Orcish claim is also partially true, as clans Shatul and Tumnosh provided the city's economy with farming and blacksmithing, respectively.
\n\nIn 1E 950, Daggerfall and Sentinel, with the help of the Order of Diagna and Knights of the Dragon, declared war on Orsinium in response to the Bjoulsae Raids. This event became known as the Siege of Orsinium, which lasted for thirty years. The Orc clans of the city united and fought back against the human invaders vigorously, and the three gates of the city designed by Torug also made it harder for the invading armies to break into the city. The gate of Smelter fell in 1E 960, ten years into the invasion. In 1E 970, Diagnan leader Gaiden Shinji and Orcish hero Baloth Bloodtusk had a duel, though were both assassinated by Joile of Daggerfall and General Mercedene of the Winterborn. The distraction caused by this event allowed the invaders to break through the gate of Hammer. The invasion came to an end in 1E 980, when the gate of Temper fell and King Golkarr was killed.
\n\nWith no province to call their own, the Orsimer became little more than pests and monsters in the view of the average Tamrielic citizen. The Orcs attempted to set-up at least two new Orsiniums, but they were destroyed before they could become permanent settlements. They were always destroyed before they could be properly established, and the succeeding Orsinium was finally established in the mid-Second Era.
\n\nThe Second Orsinium existed during the Three Banners War in 2E 582, where it was undergoing construction. The city was under the control of Kurog gro-Orsinium, who united it with the Daggerfall Covenant. Kurog did not control the entirety of Wrothgar, and sought to unite the Orc clans under one faction. This did not prove easy, as Kurog's support for the worship of Trinimac did not sit well with the other chieftains. Kurog later invited many of the Orcish chiefs to a Moot, though it was revealed that this was in fact a trap, and Kurog attempted to assassinate the chiefs. His plans were foiled by Bazrag gro-Fharun, Eveli Sharp-Arrow, and the Vestige, and Kurog was later slain by the Vestige in 2E 583. Bazrag then held a funeral for Kurog on the city's Castle Overlook, saying that Kurog was influenced by his mother to take such dire actions. After pressure from the Orc community, Bazrag took the title of the King of Orsinium. After these events, Orsinium's alliance with the Daggerfall Covenant was put into question, as the accord was struck with Kurog and Emeric, resulting in Bazrag to consult the Orsimer community on the matter. It is unknown when it was destroyed, though in 2E 864 the Orsimer petitioned Tiber Septim to grant them the status of an Imperial Territory once more.
\n\nAn Orc visionary named Gortwog gro-Nagorm acquired the site of the former civilization of Orsinium and began reconstructing a new city for the Orsimer of Tamriel. As it grew, many believed it would succumb to the same fate as its predecessor. Gortwog though, proved to be a superb politician and diplomat and managed to make negotiations with Orsinium's neighbors which saw the Third Orsinium prosper.
\n\nOrsinium had asked the Imperial authorities to raise it to Provincial status, making it recognized as a fully-fledged Province of Tamriel. Its request was under review and given the likelihood of a stable future with its previous rival High Rock, many believed Orsinium had a very good chance of succeeding in its goal. It is unknown if it became a province prior to its sacking in the early Fourth Era.
\n\nSome time in the early Fourth Era, Orsinium was once again sacked, this time by a combined Breton-Redguard force. During the sack two Imperial Legions, the Seventh and Fifteenth Legions, intervened. It is unknown if they fought the besiegers, however they did rescue Orc survivors and brought them to Skyrim.
\n\nLike before, it was rebuilt, but this time not in the Wrothgarian mountains like the three previous incarnations of the Orc kingdom. The Fourth Orsinium was instead built in the Dragontail Mountains in between the Eastern Reach of Skyrim and Craglorn of Hammerfell. It was likely built on the site of Exarch's Stronghold, an Iron Orc stronghold that existed during the Second Era, which could be found in the center of Craglorn.
{STORMCLOAK_EGYPT_DESCR}	Aran J'skar bi-Anequina \n\n  The state of Anequina, otherwise known as Ne Quin-al is located in the northern regions of Elsweyr, is one of the two states that existed before Keirgo of Anequina and Eshita of Pellitine combined their long-feuding kingdoms to create the Elsweyr Confederacy in 2E 309.
\n\nThe Confederacy lasted throughout its assimilation into the Tamrielic Empire before being torn back into the two separate states. It was once following a Thalmor supported coup d'état. Anequina now exists as a client state of the Third Aldmeri Dominion.
\n\nThe northern regions of Elsweyr are dominated by badlands and desert, a climate of which has influenced the culture of the Anequina Khajiit massively. The 'kingdom' is little more than a collection of chiefdoms in loose cooperation, but all with a common goal of preserving said culture and protecting their lands.
\n\nAfter the Oblivion Crisis, the province of Elsweyr was damaged as a result of the Daedra attacks but still part of the Empire. But once the two moons, Masser and Secunda, disappeared during the Void Nights, the province was thrown into chaos, as a large part of Khajiiti culture revolves around the interpretation of the lunar cycle. The Thalmor took advantage of the return of the moons to claim that they were responsible for bringing the moons back (or they may have actually brought the moons back using Dawn Magicks), and were able to gain a large amount of influence over Elsweyr. This led to Elsweyr splitting away from the Empire and forming the two states of Pelletine and Anequina once again.
{STORMCLOAK_ENGLAND_DESCR}	Emperor Titus Mede II\n\n  Ever since the beginning of the Fourth Era, the Septim Empire has undergone heavy changes, both culturally and politically. The death of Martin Septim and the end of the Oblivion Crisis marked the end of the Septim Dynasty, only to be led by the Mede Dynasty. The Elder Council continued to rule for fifteen years before the death of Chancellor Ocato, igniting a sanguinary civil war in Cyrodiil. It ended when Colovian warlord Titus Mede I conquered the Imperial City and took over what was left of the Empire.
\n\n When Titus Mede I took the throne, the Empire was nothing like what it used to be. The province of Black Marsh seceded from the Empire following the Oblivion Crisis, and Morrowind was largely destroyed, with only the most western portion being ruled by the Dunmer and the south being taken over by the now-independent Argonians. In the wake of the Oblivion Crisis, the Thalmor convinced the Altmer of the Summerset Isles that they were their saviors from the Daedra invasion and consolidated their power. In 4E 29, the government of Valenwood was overthrown by Thalmor collaborators and a union with Alinor proclaimed. Thus was the Aldmeri Dominion reborn. Leyawiin and Bravil had become independent city-states, and were constantly at war with one another. Elsweyr had declared independence and turned into the ancient kingdoms of Anequina and Pelletine. The Empire's ineffectual protection and seeming indifference to Morrowind's plights made them reviled by the Dunmer. After the Empire "released its grasp" on Morrowind, House Hlaalu, the last Imperial ally in the province, was ousted from the Grand Council, and Morrowind left the Empire, as had Hammerfell. Additionally, it is implied that High Rock had also left the Empire, leaving it with Skyrim and most of Cyrodiil.
\n\n During the rule of Titus Mede I, Bravil and Leyawiin were reclaimed. Hammerfell was also reconquered, and, if High Rock did leave the Empire, High Rock was also reclaimed. Under his leadership, rebels in Valenwood were also supplied by the Penitus Oculatus. Under later Emperors, Elsweyr was presumed to have been reclaimed, though Elsweyr was lost again following the Void Nights of 4E 98.[30] The status of Morrowind's affiliation with the Empire is questionable as they have full autonomy and appear to have little love for the Empire. Furthermore, the An-Xileel's invasion of Morrowind during the Accession War prevented the Empire from reclaiming Morrowind. During the Void Nights, the Thalmor claimed that they had restored the moons using previously unknown Dawn Magicks, but it is unclear if they truly restored the moons of just took advantage of foreknowledge that they would return.
\n\n Regardless of whether the Thalmor spoke truly or not, the Khajiit credited the Thalmor as their saviors. Fifteen years after the occurrence of the Void Nights, Imperial influence in Elsweyr had diminished so much that the Empire was unable to stop the coup of 4E 115 which dissolved the Elsweyr Confederacy and recreated the ancient kingdoms of Anequina and Pelletine as client states of the Aldmeri Dominion.
\n\n By the time of the Great War, the Empire was only a shadow of its former self. Only by signing the White-Gold Concordat was the Empire able to survive the Dominion's onslaught and thus end the Great War. The concordat led to the loss of Hammerfell, the southern part of which would have been handed over to the Dominion if not for the Redguard uprising (though most of the demanded territory was already conquered by Dominion forces). The northern portion of Hammerfell had been warring with the Dominion-held southern portion until the Second Treaty of Stros M'kai, which declared a truce between the Dominion and Hammerfell, resulting in the former's forces withdrawing. Included within the White-Gold Concordat was an immediate and thorough banishing of Talos worship. After the signing of the White-Gold Concordat and the events of the Markarth Incident, the Aldmeri Dominion's Thalmor agents established an embassy in Skyrim. The Thalmor Justiciars were sent to Skyrim to enforce the White-Gold Concordat and make sure that the Empire doesn't break it again. However, the Justiciars are also known to secretly capture and imprison any Nords who question their doctrines or beliefs. Furthermore, the book known as The Talos Mistake was published by an Imperial Liaison to the Aldmeri Dominion. This supposedly details Emperor Titus Mede II's personal belief that worshiping Talos is morally wrong and that the decision to ban Talos worship was a decision of his own making and was in no way coerced by the Aldmeri Dominion. According to the publication, the Emperor, and indeed the Empire itself, recognizes that allowing the worship of Talos was a mistake and publicly declares its support of removing Talos worship from Tamriel. Most of this book is, however, contradicted by several high ranking Imperial officials, as well as members of the Thalmor, making the reliability of the book questionable. All that is left of the Third Empire are the provinces of High Rock, a recovering Cyrodiil which took the brunt of the Great War, and the war-torn province of Skyrim.
{STORMCLOAK_FRANCE_DESCR}	The Hart-King Camoran Eralgor \n\n  The first Era was founded after King Eplear, a Bosmer, and founder of the Camoran Dynasty, began his rule. Soon after this founding, the Bosmeri began to change, to suit the environments of the forest in which they lived. In return for the patronage of Y'ffre, the Forest God (either one of the old ancestor spirits or an aspect of the true pantheon), they swore never to kill, injure, or eat any of the vegetation of the new home, which became known as the Green Pact. The Bosmeri unity should be considered an important military feat in itself, as Eplear managed to unify the disparate groups into a unified group. In 1E 340, the Camoran Dynasty formed a trade pact with the human slave rebels of the Alessian Order. This they then were forced to undo in 1E 369, with one of the Wild Hunts killing king Borgas of Skyrim, who was planning on declaring war on the Bosmer. Valenwood was able to maintain its independence for the majority of the First Era. It was only in 1E 2714, after unrelenting warfare from the Cyrodiil's and Colovia combined, coupled with the devastating effects of the Thrassian Plague, that finally brought the Camoran Dynasty into the Reman Empire. Reman then ensured that Valenwood would not be a threat to the Second Empire by raising the cities of Falinesti, Silvenar, Haven, Archen, Elden Root, and Woodhearth from local trading posts to full-fledged powers in their own right. As well as these, three other cities were granted city-state status, which made Valenwood as a whole easier to govern.
\n\nAfter the fall of the Second Empire in 2E 430, the Camorans tried to unify themselves once more under the one banner, however, they had drifted too far apart culturally. They then began to war with one another, the Khajiit to the east, and the Colovians to the north. As they were disunified, they offered no resistance to the encroachments made by the Maormer of Pyandonea.
\n\nDuring the 5th Century, the Camoran Dynasty had reasserted itself, and, with the exception of the Blacksap Rebellion, managed to assert Elden Root as the capital. This would become the capital of the Aldmeri Dominion.
\n\nAfter conquering Valenwood, Tiber Septim wisely decided to let the Bosmeri retain some symbols of its independence, so as to limit dissension. Thus, they allowed the creation of local chiefs and the Camoran Kings to remain.
\n\nThey are recorded as having been involved in the War of the Red Diamond, along with the provinces of Hammerfell, Summerset Isle, Elsweyr, Black Marsh, and Skyrim, and although it is not explicitly mentioned which side they fought on, it is likely that they went to the aid of Emperor Cephorus Septim I. However, the war itself left Valenwood unscathed.
\n\nAt the close of the Third Era, significant changes were occurring in Valenwood. The Wild Hunt had been sighted again for the first time in "over 500 years." The "Walking City" of Falinesti has taken root for the first time in recorded history, and there is a new Bosmer prophet, the Precursor, preaching that the old Forest God Y'ffre is returning with new gifts for his favored people. Whether these are isolated events, or signs of some great change coming to Valenwood, remains to be seen.
\n\nSeeking to recreate the Aldmeri Dominion, the Thalmor expanded their power into the provinces of Valenwood, Elsweyr, and briefly into Cyrodiil and Hammerfell. Summerset became independent shortly after the Oblivion Crisis, with the Thalmor taking credit for ending the crisis. Shortly after, the Thalmor and their sympathizers in Valenwood organized a coup to remove the Imperial rule. However, since not all of Valenwood agreed to Thalmor rule, rebellions occurred. These were funded by the Penitus Oculatus, however, despite the efforts of the Penitus Oculatus, most of these rebellions were taken down harshly. Following the consolidation of Valenwood and the Summerset Isles into the Third Aldmeri Dominion, the Dominion began a policy of expanding Aldmeri influence and power across Tamriel at the expense of the Third Empire of Cyrodiil. By claiming they had returned the Moons following the Void Nights, the Thalmor were seen as the saviors of the Khajiiti people, which resulted in adding the Khajiiti kingdoms of Anequina and Pelletine as client states to the Dominion. However, this expansion caught, even more, the attention of the Third Empire, which began a rivalry between the Dominion and the Empire that would ultimately lead up to the Great War, a devastating war fought between the Dominion and Empire. After 70 years of shutting communications with the Empire, it reestablished diplomatic relations with it.
\n\nRumors now hold that the Aldmeri Dominion is "cleansing" Valenwood.
{STORMCLOAK_HUNGARY_DESCR}	Archmagister Neloth\n\n  Traditionally isolationists, while most House Telvanni wizard-lords pursue wisdom and mastery in solitude, some ambitious members were actively involved in the colonization of Vvardenfell in the Third Era. They did so by building towers and bases all along the eastern coast of the island. The Telvanni believe that wisdom confers power, and power confers right.
\n\nIn the Third Era, House Telvanni had a plan to peacefully occupy all uninhabited parts of Vvardenfell in their own distinctive way. Any major construction projects in Vvardenfell required the consent of the Duke of Ebonheart, which was patently hard to obtain, and all other organizations who were not particularly friendly to the Empire struggled to gain territory in that system. The Telvanni, however, had no fear or respect towards Imperial law, and younger House Telvanni retainers were frequently sent, occasionally with a contingent of slaves, to build their own towers across the remote regions of Vvardenfell, never asking or informing anyone. According to the House's plan, as the towers grew into towns, most of Vvardenfell would become theirs. Almost all Telvanni were powerful and wealthy wizards, who were able to protect themselves against lawful retribution. This type of expansion was very dangerous for all other Great Houses, however. As a result of this, the other Houses sometimes attacked weaker Telvanni outposts.
\n\nThe eruption of Red Mountain in the Fourth Era likely destroyed much of the Telvanni holdings on Vvardenfell and some on the continent. According to Lymdrenn Telvanni, House Telvanni met its demise shortly after the end of the Red Year, when the Argonians invaded Morrowind in order to have revenge on the Dunmer, who had enslaved their people for hundreds of years. Being the greatest practitioners of slavery in Morrowind, the Telvanni received a great deal of the Argonians' fury, some of which is described in the journal of Lymdrenn Telvanni. According to his description, the Argonian invaders murdered the Telvanni family without mercy. However, most of the House members survived and now try to rebuilt their domain.
{STORMCLOAK_MILAN_DESCR}		Lord Araan Indoril\n\n  House Indoril is one of the Great Houses of Morrowind. The great Chimer hero Nerevar was the head of this House during the early First Era. House Indoril is a staunch supporter of the Tribunal Temple. Many of the Temple Ordinators and other Temple heroes are members of this House. This connection has given it a big influence on all political decisions in Morrowind.
\n\nPrior to Imperial conquest, House Indoril had been the dominant Great House throughout Morrowind's history. During the war with Tiber Septim's Empire, House Indoril was strongly against Imperial occupation. When Septim incorporated Morrowind into his Empire, Indoril refused to submit to Imperial rule. At the time the Lord High Councilor of the Grand Council, a council comprised of the heads of the Great Houses, was an Indoril and would not accept the treaty or step down, so he was assassinated and replaced with a member of House Hlaalu. More power struggles went on between the two Great Houses, with House Hlaalu, in support of Imperial accommodation, coming out the victor. Still unwilling to accept membership within the Empire, many Indoril nobles committed suicide, weakening the House.
\n\nAt the close of the Third Era, House Indoril had no territorial holdings on the island of Vvardenfell; all of its territory was located on mainland Morrowind. Its capital was Mournhold, also the capital of Morrowind itself.
\n\nHouse Indoril suffered greatly from the fall of the Tribunal Temple, due to the fact that they were staunch supporters of it. While the house technically still exists, the priesthood of the New Temple is now considered to be one and the same as House Indoril, though former Indoril nobles are still overrepresented in the priesthood.
{STORMCLOAK_MOORS_DESCR}		King Ennis al-Sentinel \n\n  Originally formed from the Ra Gada in the First Era, the Forebears are one of the two militaristic and political powers of Hammerfell. The Forebears first landed in the city of Hegathe, which they had conqeured from the native Betmer who lived there. Shortly after, the Forebear Sword-Singers started to expand along the coastline, and claimed the city of Sentinel, which was then occupied by men and elf. Sword-Singing was originally a part of Forebear culture, but started to fade away in later years.
\n\nDuring the Alliance War, king Fahara'jad of the Forebears ruled over Hammerfell. Crown loyalists saw him as a usurper, and said he was guilty of working with the Ash'abah, an order dedicated to slaying the undead if they were to appear in Hammerfell. Due to the Redguards seeing the dead as honored, this somewhat tainted the king's reputation.
\n\nDuring the Tiber Wars, after the death of King Thassad II, Hammerfell was plunged into Civil War. The Forebears were succesful at first, claiming the city of Sentinel in a massacre, which resulted in Prince A'Tor of the Crowns sailing to the mainland from Stros M'kai in order to reclaim it, resulting in one of the bloodiest massacres of Tamrielic history. After this defeat, the Crowns started winning the Civil War as they pushed the Forebears back across the deserts of Hammerfell. To avoid getting beaten by the Crowns, Baron Volag, leader of the Forebears at the time, signed a pact with Tiber Septim. In return for the aid of Septim's Imperial Legions, the Third Empire would be granted some border territory of Hammerfell. Septim sent his Legions to fight the Crowns, crushing their armies, and eventually slaying the Prince during the Battle of Hunding Bay. However, just before the war ended, Baron Volag had dissappeared, which resulted in the Empire creating its own, new, terms for the treaty, which resulted in all of Hammerfell falling to the Empire. However, after a rebellion on Stros M'kai, and the death of Amiel Richton, Tiber Septim discussed the terms of the Treaty of Stros M'kai with Iszara, who led the Crown resistance, and Baron Volag, who had come out of hiding.
\n\nIn the early days of the Fourth Era, Hammerfell had seceded from the Empire, though it was later reclaimed by Titus Mede I. Since 4E 168, the Crowns and Forebears had been at Civil War again, until the Great War took place three years later. Shortly after the war broke out, Forebear and Crown alike lost many cities, as almost every city along the southern coastline was conqeured by the forces of the Third Aldmeri Dominion. In 4E 172, only the city of Hegathe still held out. In 4E 173 a rare event occured, where a Forebear army from Sentinel broke the Aldmeri siege on Hegathe, which was a Crown city. Due to this act of kindness, the Crowns and Forebears stood united. At the same time, the city of Skaven was conqeured by other Aldmeri forces. When the Empire signed the White-Gold Concordat, Hammerfell saw it as a betrayal and refused to sign the treaty, resulting in the province being renounced and the Empire getting hatred from the Redguards. The Great War in Hammerfell lasted for five more years than in the Empire, as it lasted until 4E 180. It ended with the signing of the Second Treaty of Stros M'kai. The Redguards claim that the Dominion could have truly been defeated had they stood united with Hammerfell.
{STORMCLOAK_SCOTLAND_DESCR}			Jarl Ulfric Stormcloack\n\n  The Markarth Incident is considered to be the initial conception of the Stormcloak Rebellion. In 4E 176, Ulfric Stormcloak and his army retook the city of Markarth from the Forsworn invaders, under the agreement from the Jarl of Markarth that in exchange for Ulfric's military aid, Talos worship would be permitted in his city. However, shortly after retaking Markarth, the Imperial Legion returned to Skyrim in the aftermath of the Great War, but was pressured by Ulfric's militia to permit the free Talos worship in Markarth that was agreed upon by Ulfric and Markarth's Jarl. The Legion capitulated to Ulfric's demand but soon broke the agreement due to pressure from the Aldmeri Dominion. Thus, Ulfric and his militia were arrested and incarcerated. During Ulfric's imprisonment, his father, the Jarl of Windhelm, died, and Ulfric was forced to deliver the eulogy by a letter he had smuggled out of prison. Upon his release, he returned to Windhelm, took up duties as Jarl, and began his rebellion.
\n\n The Stormcloaks believe Skyrim should secede from what they feel is a corrupt crumbling Empire. This stance came about due to the aftermath of the Great War and the imposition of the White-Gold Concordat by the Aldmeri Dominion. The Stormcloaks consider the Empire as just a puppet of the Thalmor because the Empire surrendered during the Great War and accepted the Dominion's terms of surrender. These terms ban the worship of Talos, which most Nords do not support. Many are outraged at this Talos ban and point out the Markarth Incident, as an example of the Empire publicly supporting the Dominion's oppressive influence over Skyrim. Furthermore, their opinion of the Empire is exacerbated with the arrival of the Thalmor Justiciars, who have been granted the authority by the Empire to enforce the White-Gold Concordat within Skyrim.
\n\n The Stormcloaks believe they should not have to divert Skyrim's resources to rebuild a diminished Empire too weak to provide the functions of a just government and is under the Thalmor's thumb. Some think that the Empire is maintaining power in Skyrim by propping up loyalist Jarls. Many Stormcloaks have also begun to resent the imposition of what they believe are, Imperial-sanctioned High Kings, who can only act as figurehead puppets and not kings of merit. With so many grievances, the Stormcloaks have concluded that political independence is what's best for Skyrim, since it frees them from the Empire's detrimental policies and allows the natives of Skyrim to determine the fate of their homeland. Though there is much uncertainty that goes hand in hand with their revolutionary aspirations, the Stormcloaks believe that they will remedy Skyrim's wretched state and preserve their Nordic way of life.
{STORMCLOAK_POLAND_DESCR}	Archmaster Ilandris Venim\n\n The House Redoran prizes the three virtues of duty, gravity, and piety. Duty is to one's honor, and to one's family, and to one's clan. Gravity is the essential seriousness of life. Life is hard and events must be endured and reflected upon with care and earnest. This does not mean that life cannot be enjoyed; it simply means that it is important for one to recognize the fundamental value and import of the lives of oneself and others. Piety is respect to the gods and the virtues they represent. A light careless life is not worth living. An act against these is treason and may result in expulsion from the house, depending greatly on the degree of the offense. Murder is an extremely dishonorable act but an honorable duel is acceptable and even common within the house.
\n\nAfter the war with Dagoth Ur and during the disappearance of the Nerevarine, the House Redoran capital on Vvardenfell, Ald'ruhn, was destroyed when a large Daedric force attacked the city. The council members were forced to resurrect the dread emperor crab Ald'skar whose shell they had made their home in. Even with its resurrection, this was apparently not enough to face the daedric power and the city was destroyed while the Daedra prepared to assault the Ghostgate itself.
\n\nDuring the Oblivion Crisis, it fell to House Redoran to organize the Dunmer into an effective fighting force against the Daedra. While it was Martin Septim who ended the Crisis, the Dunmer had a somewhat effective army when the Argonians invaded. While the southern half of Morrowind was ravaged, House Redoran led the Dunmer in the defense of the northern half and was able to hold the invaders. This gained the Redoran much respect from their people, and from then onward they became the most powerful and respected Great House in Morrowind. The capital was moved from Mournhold to Blacklight, where the Great Houses now hold council.
{STORMCLOAK_RUSSIA_DESCR}	Chief Ish-Thtasi Atlsethung In'go Tsith-Thilpui-Oznel-Zhi-Ra \n\n For centuries, many Dunmer of the Great Houses of Morrowind had made a practice of invading the Black Marsh to take Argonians from their homes as slaves. This led to widespread resentment from Argonians and slave revolts became quite common in Morrowind; particularly near the end of the Third Era. Coincidentally, Argonian armies in Black Marsh were warned of the upcoming Oblivion Crisis by the Hist, and were thus prepared before the Oblivion Gates opened. A radical faction in Black Marsh called the An-Xileel rallied the armies of Black Marsh into fighting the hordes of Daedra invading their home. They poured into Mehrunes Dagon's Deadlands and fought the Daedra on their own turf so successfully the Dremora Lieutenants closed their gates to prevent being overrun. While Morrowind and the Imperial forces in Black Marsh were still reeling from the consecutive catastrophes of the Oblivion Crisis and the destruction of Vvardenfell, the Thalmor incited the Argonians to mount a massive uprising with the battle-hardened An-Xileel as a spearhead. While they successfully incited the Argonians to invade Morrowind, the Thalmor ultimately lost what little influence they had gained in Black Marsh.
\n\nThe An-Xileel were largely responsible for the Argonian Invasion, and subsequent occupation, of southern Morrowind. They stopped their advance in Morrowind decades ago after being driven back by House Redoran, and have not showed the slightest interest in doing anything since then. They have, however, prevented the Empire from reclaiming their territory.
\n\nAccording to the Imperial perspective, the An-Xileel "were entirely nativistic in their views, interested only in purging the former colonial influences and returning Black Marsh to whatever state they imagined it had been in before it was ruled by foreign powers.
{STORMCLOAK_SKYRIM_DESCR}	Jarl-widow Elisif the Fair \n\n During the Merethic Era, a legendary Atmoran leader named Ysgramor led an expedition from Atmora to the land that would later be known as Skyrim. They called the land Mereth, in recognition of the vast number of Mer that lived there. It was the first region of Tamriel to be settled by humans, who migrated there from the land of Atmora in the far north, across the Sea of Ghosts. According to legend, Ysgramor landed first at Hsaarik Head, at the extreme northern tip of Skyrim's Broken Cape. It is said that he and his companions were fleeing the civil war in Atmora, which at that time had a sizable population.
\n\nThe Atmorans settled the area that in the future would be known as Winterhold; they eventually built a city in the region and called it Saarthal. For a long while, relations between the Snow Elves and the Atmorans were relatively peaceful.
The Night of Tears was the infamous sacking of Saarthal by the Snow Elves. There are a variety of accounts as to why this happened. Some say the Snow Elves saw that the Nords, with their considerably shorter life expectancy, fast rates of physical maturation and expedient reproductive cycle, would eventually overtake them if left unchecked. Another theory suggests that the sacking of Saarthal was brought on by the Atmoran discovery of the Eye of Magnus beneath the city. Other sources are less certain in their pronouncements, but also point to a very focused attack on locations that are not of strategic importance, lending weight to the theory that the Eye of Magnus, not the extermination of the Nords was the primary reason for the attack. According to legend, only Ysgramor and his two sons were able to escape back to Atmora.
\n\nWhen Ysgramor and his sons returned to Atmora, they told stories of the events that occurred in Skyrim, and gathered many around them for a return to retake Skyrim and avenge Saarthal. After Ysgramor was set to return to Skyrim with an army known as the "Five Hundred Companions," composed of the heroes of the Atmoran Civil War. On the Day of Final Passage, the Five Hundred Companions left the port of Jylkurfyk to return to Skyrim.
\n\nThe Atmoran-Snow Elf War took place in the late middle Merethic Era, and was a campaign which seemed to be indecisive for much of its duration. The battle that decided it for the Atmorans was the Battle of the Moesring. During the battle, the Atmorans were winning and it appeared that they would be victorious, until the arrival of the Snow Prince. He rallied and led his forces into combat, inspiring the troops of the last remaining army of Snow Elves, before allegedly being killed by a small child. The death of the Snow Prince shattered the morale and motivation of the remaining Snow Elf warriors. Many Snow Elves fled, and those who remained on the battlefield were killed. The Snow Prince himself was buried with honors by his Nord foes.
\n\nThe war would end shortly after, and was followed by a purge of Skyrim's remaining Snow Elves. The Five Hundred Companions, without much resistance, secured the region and laid the foundations for the Ysgramor Dynasty.
\n\nIn 4E 174, a group of Reachmen launched an uprising in which they took the city of Markarth. This event would later be known as "The Forsworn Uprising." Since the Empire was fighting against the Third Aldmeri Dominion in Cyrodiil at the time, Markarth was undefended and was thus left open for attack. The Reachmen who took control of Markarth took over the government administration and created an independent Reach kingdom.
\n\nTwo years later, in 4E 176, Hrolfdir, who was the Jarl of Markarth prior to the Reachmen reclaiming it, asked a militia force led by Ulfric Stormcloak to retake Markarth. The militia was victorious, however, many people who were related to the Forsworn were put to the sword and killed, those of the Forsworn who didn't flee Markarth were killed, except for Madanach, Nepos the Nose and a handful of others. Those of the Forsworn who did manage to escape swore revenge against the Nords for preventing them a life of independence. After this the Imperial Legion returned and had to accept the agreement of free Talos worship, which was made between Ulfric and Hrolfdir, supposedly due to chaos running through the streets in Markarth. However, some time after this the Thalmor found out that the Empire wasn't honoring the White-Gold Concordat, and demanded them Ulfric and his men to be arrested or to face another war. The choice was clear for the Jarl, Ulfric and his men were arrested and the Thalmor came to Skyrim with their treaty enforcers, the Thalmor Justiciars, to ensure that the Talos ban wouldn't be dishonored again. It was the founding day for the Stormcloaks and where the civil war in Skyrim truly started.
\n\nThe Civil War in Skyrim is known to have started prior to 4E 199 and after 4E 176. The exact cause for the war is a matter of debate in the province. On the Imperial side it is generally thought that Ulfric coveted the High King's throne and that he's just in it for the throne. On the Stormcloak side however, people see him as a liberator who tries to free Skyrim from the claws of a corrupt and dying Empire.
{STORMCLOAK_SPAIN_DESCR}		Lord Talib al-Hegathe  \n\n After the Ra Gada had cleared the way for the King of Yokuda, the Crowns first settled the city of Sentinel. Crown descendants of the Ra Gada who came from Yath had also settled in the Elven city of Salas En, until the Thrassian Plague broke out. Under the Reman Empire, the Crowns and Forebears were truly formed, this republic only lasted until the end of the Second Empire, as afterwards, control was returned to the Na-Totambu, and their High King. Under the rules of the High King, the capital was moved from Hegathe to Sentinel.
\n\nDuring the Tiber Wars the Crowns and Forebears were originally united under High King Thassad II, but this changed when the King died. The death of the King resulted in a Civil War between the Crowns and the Forebears, with the Forebears being led by Baron Volag, and the Crowns being led by the heir of Thassad, Prince A'Tor. Though originally being beaten back by the Forebears, the Crowns crushed the Forebears when they reformed and fought back, pushing the Forebears back across the Alik'r desert. The Forebears, now fearfull of defeat, decided to sign a pact with Emperor Tiber Septim. In return for the aid of the Imperial Legions, the Empire would be given some border territory of Hammerfell. Tiber Septim agreed, and sent his Legions to Hammerfell. Many Crowns deserted as a result of the stength of the Legions, as the Crowns were getting crushed and pushed back. Prince A'Tor himself died during the Battle of Hunding Bay, and after this, the Crowns were beaten. At the end of the War, Baron Volag disappeared, which resulted in the Empire claiming all of Hammerfell and sending its Legions to watch over it. This was eventually turned around when a Crown loyalist group, the Restless League, killed Amiel Richton and took over Stros M'kai, after which Baron Volag reclaimed Sentinel. As a result, the Emperor would sail to Stros M'Kai to negotiate the terms of the Treaty of Stros M'kai with Crown representative Iszara and Baron Volag of the Forebears, resulting in Hammerfell being less of a subject to the Empire.
\n\nDuring the War of Bend'r-Mahk, the Crowns were attacked by the Nords of Skyrim, who conqeured Elinhir and half of Dragonstar from the Crowns who defended it. This is partially attributed to the Crowns not aiding the Forebears cities of Rihad and Taneth during the invasion by the Camoran Usurper. In 3E 432 the worship of Satakal was backed by king Lhotun, but was not supported by either Crown or Forebear. As a result, a military campaign was fought by some Crowns, which proved succesful, as they reclaimed Totambu from the kingdom of Sentinel. It is unknown if the Crowns were able to hold onto this land, as it was surrounded on all sides by the territory of Sentinel. The Crowns in easter Hammerfell were less concerned with Sentinel, and tried to reclaim Elinhir and Dragonstar from the Nords, though little progress was made.
\n\nIn the year 4E 168, the Crowns and Forebears were in civil war as Emperor Titus Mede II was crowned. When in 4E 171 the Great War broke out, most of Hammerfell's coastline was quickly overrun by the Aldmeri forces. Of the cities along the coast, only Hegathe, a Crown City, still held out. When a Forebear army from Sentinel broke the Aldmeri siege on Hegath in 173, the Crowns and Forebears stood united, and continued to fight the Aldmeri until the signing of the Second Treaty of Stros M'kai in 4E 180.
{STORMCLOAK_TIMURIDS_DESCR}	Grandmaster Zanmulk Marethi\n\n During the Four Score War against the Reman Empire, House Dres and House Indoril were involved significantly in changing the Dunmer's tactics. They proposed, that "rather than defend the western border," they should instead withdraw to the interior and fight a guerrilla war." Due to the fact that House Hlaalu was advocating accommodation with the empire, and House Telvanni were adamantly remaining neutral in the matter, House Redoran would have been faced with standing alone against the entire might of the Empire. Also during the First Era, the Knahaten Flu broke out. It is noted that few others troubled themselves with the land of northern Black Marsh, except for the Dres.
\n\nDuring the events of the Imperial Simulacrum, House Dres found itself involved in a full-blown uprising. Starting off as a "simple slave revolt in the House Dres lands of the south," the Arnesian War "built on itself until the swampy plains erupted with blood and fire, pitting Morrowind against Black Marsh. One of the many significant casualties from this was Symmachus, husband of Queen Barenziah of Mournhold. Barenziah then abdicated her throne and fled to Wayrest.
\n\nDuring the events of Oblivion Crisis and the Red Year House Dres struggled very much. Although Dres didn't have colonies or military forces on Vvardenfell, which could be lost because of Red Mountain eruption, it was the first House attacked by Argonian invading army. Dres lost all of it's domain in Deshaan plains and fleed to the north. At some time in Fourth Era Dres established it's positions around city of Necrom and now continues to uphold it's status of Great House in the Council.
{STORMCLOAK_TURKS_DESCR}	Aran Rajahirr bi-Pelletine\n\n The state of Pelletine, otherwise known as Pa'alatiin[1] located in the southern regions of Elsweyr, is one of the two states that existed before Keirgo of Anequina and Eshita of Pelletine combined their long-feuding kingdoms to create the Elsweyr Confederacy in 2E 309.
\n\nThe Confederacy lasted throughout its assimilation into the Tamrielic Empire before being torn back into the two separate states. It once was following a Thalmor-supported coup d'état. Pelletine now exists as a client state of the Third Aldmeri Dominion.
\n\nThe southern regions of Elsweyr are dominated by dense jungles and woodland, similar to that of neighbouring Valenwood, the climate of which has influenced the culture of the Pelletine Khajiit as much as that of their counterparts to the North. It is presumed that the head of state in Pelletine remains to be that of the religious Khajiit Mane, who resides in the city of Torval. The society of Pelletine itself seems to be deeply involved in the process of trade and the production of the hallucinogenic moon sugars, which hold cultural and religious value in Khajiiti society. The aristocracy of Pelletine is known to own the vast groves and plantations devoted to growing this lucrative and often controversial drug.
\n\nAfter the Oblivion Crisis, the province of Elsweyr was damaged as a result of Daedra attacks, but still a part of the Empire. Once the two moons, Masser and Secunda, disappeared during the Void Nights, the province was thrown into chaos, as a large part of Khajiiti culture revolves around the interpretation of the lunar cycle. After two years, the moons returned, with the Thalmor claiming to have restored them with Dawn Magicks, and were able to gain a large amount of influence over Elsweyr. As a result, the Empire was unable to respond to a coup in 4E 115 which dissolved the Elsweyr Confederacy, recreating Anequina and Pelletine.
{STORMCLOAK_VENICE_DESCR}	King Gerard\n\n Daggerfall is one of the eight major kingdoms in the province of High Rock. being the capital of the region of Glenumbra, and the entirety of High Rock. It is also the seat of power in the Kingdom of Daggerfall. Daggerfall is among the original Breton kingdoms, that rose to prominence in the aftermath of the Skyrim Conquests. Through antiquity, prosperity, and power, Daggerfall has become a major political power in the West.
During the early years of the first era, the Nords of Skyrim had conquered the provinces surrounding Skyrim, from High Rock to the Nibenay, and to areas of Morrowind. Because of the Nordic Conquest over High Rock, many settlements were founded by the Nords ranging from Camlorn to Reich Gradkeep. The first recorded instance of the name Daggerfall was in 1E 246, referring to the area around modern-day Daggerfall. According to a contemporary Nordic census of the time, Daggerfall was inhabited by a meager population of 216. A later census, in 3E 401, determined its population of 110,000. As time went on, the War of Succession divided the Nordic Kings of Skyrim, bring their conquered territory down to the mountains that surround Skyrim. The settlements already established were taken in by the Bretons that inhabited the land, governing as petty-kings and merchant-barons. Daggerfall was inhabited by the Bretons of Glenumbra, and it quickly flourished as a fishing village and as a prominent farming town. Among the original rulers was Corcyr of the Small Cock and Edward, a warrior of legend related to Moraelyn of House Ra'athim.
\n\nIn 3E 433 during the Oblivion Crisis, King Gothryd and Queen Aubk'i had become one of the most powerful families during the waning years of the third era. Gothryd and Aubk'i had a child named Camaron II, who married Lady Kelmena of Camlorn, to establish an alliance between Gothryd and Duke Senhyn. Areas between several different kingdoms have local battles that have yet to explode into conflicts equal in size as the War of Betony or Ranser's War in early years. The Warp in the West had ended years of conflict in a matter of two days, resulting in one of the most progressive provinces in the area. While Daggerfall rises as the greater power, other kingdoms like Sentinel under King Lhotun and Wayrest under Queen Elysana. Gothryd and Aubk'i would rule the Kingdom of Daggerfall throughout the Oblivion Crisis and into the Fourth Era.
{STORMCLOAK_MONGOLS_DESCR}	King Eugal\n\n The foundation of Wayrest remains to be an enigma to this day since it started as a humble fishing village where the Bjoulsae River meets the Iliac Bay. Sometime around 1E 800, the denizens of Wayrest were constantly harassed by the Orsimer of the nearby Orsinium, Orcish Raiders consisted of members of Clan Bagrakh. The Bjoulsae Raids was orchestrated by Clan Igron and was considered the catalyst of the eventual Siege of Orsinium. In 1E 948, King Joile of Daggerfall sent an important letter to Gaiden Shinji, leader of the Order of Diagna about the recent raids as well as Orsinium's recent growth. Several years in 1E 980, King Joile and Gaiden Shinji advanced into Wrothgar for the Siege of Orsinium. After the battle, Wayrest began to flourish and become a Kingdom among the Iliac Bay. Many traveling from Bangkorai and Wrothgar had to travel through the Eastern Bjoulsae and Wayrest making the village a welcome rest, hence the name. Wayrest and the kingdoms of Daggerfall and Sentinel established the Masconian Trade Way, a trading system across the Iliac that established strong relations across the sea.
\n\nSometime after the Great War, the Kingdom of Wayrest was ruled by King Barynia, his relation to Elysana is unknown, but is likely not to be related. Barynia had a shaky reign in Wayrest, he was very anxious, and many politicians in the region wanted a change in the Kingdom. The Temple of the Divines was re-purposed as a Temple of Akatosh and the Order of the Hour occupied the temple. In response to all of the backlash to him, Barynia opened the ports of Wayrest to anyone coming from the Iliac Bay, this brought in Corsairs into the city and caused the Invasion of Wayrest in 4E 188. Barynia hired the Corsairs to attack Wayrest, to kill the opposition. He planned to escape Wayrest via ship but was encountered by the Dark Brotherhood. His fate was unknown, he either escaped with the promise of land or was assassinated on the spot. The Wayrest Sanctuary was discovered by the Corsairs, they raided the sanctuary and destroyed the Brotherhood chapter in Wayrest. The only ones remaining were the Cheydinhal chapter and the Falkreath chapter. However, years after Wayrest managed to restore.
{STORMCLOAK_SHARN_DESCR} King Esmark Lariat \n\n 4E - 201 A year that will go down in history and legend both, the year of the last Dragonborn. \n\n 5 years after the Great War had ended, the Redguards of Hammerfell were still fighting against the Aldmeri occupation.  \n\n They had been abandoned by the Empire and left alone, but this struggle had brought the bickering clans of Hammerfell together, the Crowns and Forebears put aside their age old rivalries and stood united against the Elves, alone, they managed to fight the Elves to a standstill, and in the year 180 the Second Treaty of Stros M'Kai was signed, all remaining Dominion forces withdrew from Hammerfell. \n\n High Rock had been spared many of the horrors of the Great War due to it's position far from the fronts, but its time of peace did not last. In the year 188 Corsair pirates sacked the Great trade city of Wayrest and took it over, a golden age in the Kingdom of Wayrests history quickly came to a violent end. Meanwhile in Cyrodiil unrest was rife, criminals roamed freely as the weakened Empire clung to what strength they had left. In Bravil two major players in the Skooma trade decided to use the city as their battleground. Riots and looting took over the city, even the Lucky Lady statue was destroyed, and it took weeks for guards to restore order. \n\n In Skyrim the young High King Torygg ruled, his father Istlod, who had led Skyrim in the Great War had died a few years earlier and Torygg had been near unanimously voted High King, one who spoke against Torygg was Ulfric Stormcloak, Jarl of Windhelm.  \n\n After the Markarth incident Ulfric began to lose faith in the Empire, he believed it was no longer the proud strong Empire it had once been, the Empire forged by Talos, had abandoned him... No longer would Ulfric bend his knee to Torygg, no longer would he sit by while the Elves steal away people in the night. Ulfric rode to the Great Capital of Skyrim, Solitude. There before the Kings court he issued a challenge to Torygg, an old Nord custom, a duel of Honor and Strength. Torygg knew Ulfric was a greater warrior, and that Ulfric could use the Thu'um, he respected Ulfric, and he was no coward, he accepted his death like a true Nord. And so Ulfric used his Thu'um and shouted the brave young King apart, he then fled the city on horseback with guards in pursuit. The Imperials decried him as a traitor and coward guilty of regicide, and ordered his arrest, Ulfric raised his banner in Rebellion and several of the holds of Skyrim followed him.  \n\n Skyrim is split in two, the Civil War has begun. Yet... their may be greater threats on the horizon... For the Scrolls have foretold of Black Wings in the Cold that when Brothers Wage War Come Unfurled!!
{STORMCLOAK_EVER_DESCR}	King Ellic Emarie\n\n 4E - 201 A year that will go down in history and legend both, the year of the last Dragonborn. \n\n 5 years after the Great War had ended, the Redguards of Hammerfell were still fighting against the Aldmeri occupation.  \n\n They had been abandoned by the Empire and left alone, but this struggle had brought the bickering clans of Hammerfell together, the Crowns and Forebears put aside their age old rivalries and stood united against the Elves, alone, they managed to fight the Elves to a standstill, and in the year 180 the Second Treaty of Stros M'Kai was signed, all remaining Dominion forces withdrew from Hammerfell. \n\n High Rock had been spared many of the horrors of the Great War due to it's position far from the fronts, but its time of peace did not last. In the year 188 Corsair pirates sacked the Great trade city of Wayrest and took it over, a golden age in the Kingdom of Wayrests history quickly came to a violent end. Meanwhile in Cyrodiil unrest was rife, criminals roamed freely as the weakened Empire clung to what strength they had left. In Bravil two major players in the Skooma trade decided to use the city as their battleground. Riots and looting took over the city, even the Lucky Lady statue was destroyed, and it took weeks for guards to restore order. \n\n In Skyrim the young High King Torygg ruled, his father Istlod, who had led Skyrim in the Great War had died a few years earlier and Torygg had been near unanimously voted High King, one who spoke against Torygg was Ulfric Stormcloak, Jarl of Windhelm.  \n\n After the Markarth incident Ulfric began to lose faith in the Empire, he believed it was no longer the proud strong Empire it had once been, the Empire forged by Talos, had abandoned him... No longer would Ulfric bend his knee to Torygg, no longer would he sit by while the Elves steal away people in the night. Ulfric rode to the Great Capital of Skyrim, Solitude. There before the Kings court he issued a challenge to Torygg, an old Nord custom, a duel of Honor and Strength. Torygg knew Ulfric was a greater warrior, and that Ulfric could use the Thu'um, he respected Ulfric, and he was no coward, he accepted his death like a true Nord. And so Ulfric used his Thu'um and shouted the brave young King apart, he then fled the city on horseback with guards in pursuit. The Imperials decried him as a traitor and coward guilty of regicide, and ordered his arrest, Ulfric raised his banner in Rebellion and several of the holds of Skyrim followed him.  \n\n Skyrim is split in two, the Civil War has begun. Yet... their may be greater threats on the horizon... For the Scrolls have foretold of Black Wings in the Cold that when Brothers Wage War Come Unfurled!!
{STORMCLOAK_AZTECS_DESCR}		Ashkhan Sul-Matuul\n\n Ashlanders are the Dunmer nomads of the Morrowind wastelands. They claim to be the direct descendants of the Aldmeri peoples who followed the prophet Veloth into the lands now called Morrowind. They live in camps  formed of small, mobile huts, and typically spend time herding guar and hunting wildlife for meat and hides. The traditions of the Ashlanders give them the right to raid other settlements and other tribes for plunder and slaves. They are lead by Ashkhan, or warchiefs, and are counseled by the arcane wisdom and prophecies of their wise women. There also exists a strong belief in their ancestors. The Velothi are people of Ashlander stock who have abandoned nomadic life and settled among the native Dunmer.\n The Velothi are despised by their Ashlander cousins as being weak and soft, while the Dunmer look down upon the Velothi as an insignificant underclass.\n The Ashlanders believe in the anachronistic culture of the old Dunmer, which, for everyone else, has evolved into the theocratic Great Houses of today's other Dunmer. The Ashlanders see the worship of living Dunmer and the practices of Morrowind's main religious organisation, the Tribunal Temple, as an abomination.\n The Ashlanders prefer the simplistic culture and subsistence economy gained from being nomadic herders or hunters. Their ancestor worship and 'barbaric' ways are considered shamanistic and primitive by Dunmer and Imperial standards.\n Ashlander nomadic camps have portable huts bult from hides stretched on chitin frames. These huts can be quickly dismantled and packed atop a guar when moving to new grazing and hunting grounds. The khan's hut is simply a larger, more elaborate version of a family hut.\n The typical Ashlander is badly predisposed towards foreigners, and many wish for said foreigners and their false gods to be driven from Morrowind. Their desire is for the foreign devils to leave in peace. Ashlanders believe it shameful to attack unarmed persons, but they will kill without hesitation an armed person who egregiously offends them or their clan laws. While the pride of Ashlanders is not strong enough to wage unbeatable war against the Empire, it is strong enough to strike when the Empire appears to be weakened. \n Among clan and kin, Ashlander courtesy is very proper and polite. Outsiders would percieve them as harsh and cruel, perhaps hateful by nature. In their society, challenges are very solemn and serious affairs. They take no offense to gifts of money, and take them as tokens of deference and respect.\n Ashlanders may challenge a stranger who enters a yurt (tent/living place) without invitation.  Specific customs for this differ from tribe to tribe, but leaving when requested typically means no offense is taken. When challenged by an Ashlander for sport, it is acceptable to decline. When challenged for honor, however, it is shameful to decline. Honor challenges arise from offense given in speech or action, or may represent customary formal challenges of status or ritual.\n Ashlander pride is strong. The ways of an Ashlander are pure, but demanding to the untested. It will take a strong leader to bring the last true people of Morrowind honor... by force, or all out war if necessary.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

{CRISIS_TITLE}3E 433 - Oblivion Crisis (Hardcore)
{CRISIS_DESCR} The Oblivion Crisis, also known as the Great Anguish, was a total war between the Daedra and the population of Tamriel. Uriel Septim VII and all of his known heirs were assassinated. Shortly afterward, Oblivion Gates to the Deadlands opened across Tamriel and Daedra poured out as the result of a fanatical cult of worshippers of Mehrunes Dagon known as the Mythic Dawn. Widespread devastation and casualties resulted across entire provinces. The Daedra besieged Skyrim, and laid waste to the Old Holds. In Black Marsh, the Hist called back many Argonians to fight off the Daedra. The Daedric commanders closed many gates to stop the united Argonians from entering.In Cyrodiil, the city of Kvatch was entirely destroyed. The Empire earned the hatred of the Dunmer by pulling Imperial forces out of Morrowind during the crisis in order to better protect Cyrodiil. The Empire was near collapse, but Uriel VII's illegitimate son, Martin Septim, ended the invasion with the help of a mysterious hero, but the cost was enormous. Martin, the last of the Septim bloodline, sacrificed himself and the Amulet of Kings to become Akatosh's Avatar and cast Mehrunes Dagon back into Oblivion. This event marked the end of the Third Era and the beginning of the eventual disintegration of the Third Empire.
{CRISIS_AZTECS_DESCR}	Ashkhan Sul-Matuul\n\n Ashlanders are the nomadic Dunmer barbarians of the Morrowind wastelands. They claim to be the direct descendants of the Aldmeri peoples who followed the prophet Veloth into the lands now called Morrowind. They live in camps of small, mobile huts, herding guar, and hunting wildlife for meat and hides. By tradition the Ashlanders claim the right to raid other settlements and other tribes for plunder and slaves. The Ashlanders worship their ancestors and are led by their Ashkhan, or warchiefs, and are counseled by the arcane wisdom and prophecies of their wise women. The Velothi are people of Ashlander stock who have abandoned nomadic life and settled among the native Dunmer.\n The Velothi are despised by their Ashlander cousins as being weak and soft, while the Dunmer look down upon the Velothi as an insignificant underclass.\n The Ashlander culture is an anachronistic survival of the ancestor worshipping tribal culture that evolved into the theocratic Great House culture of the native Dunmer. They see the worshipp of living Dunmer, the practice of Morrowind's main religious organisation, the Tribunal Temple, as abomination. The Nerevarine Cult can be seen as such an ancestor cult.\n The Ashlanders perversely prefer the impoverished physical culture and subsistence economy of the Ashlander nomadic herder or hunter, and their ancestor worship is shamanistic and primitive by Dunmer and Imperial standards.\n Ashlander nomadic camps have portable huts of hides stretched on chitin frames. These huts can be quickly dismantled and packed atop a guar when moving to new grazing and hunting grounds. The khan's hut is simply a larger, more elaborate version of a family hut.\n Most ashlanders wish all foreigners and their false gods could be driven from Morrowind. At the very least, Ashlanders wish that the foreign devils would leave them in peace. Ashlanders think it shameful to attack unarmed persons, but will kill without hesitation an armed person who offends them or their clan laws. No Ashlander is fool enough to make war against the Empire. However if such a war might be won, many Ashlanders would no doubt cheerfully give their lives to do it.\n Among clan and kin, Ashlander courtesy is very proper and polite, but to strangers they are mean and hateful. Ashlander challenges are very solemn and serious things. Ashlanders are not offended by gifts of money, and take them as tokens of deference and respect. Among outcast Ashlanders, beware the mabrigash, renegade witch warrior women who practice dark magic.\n Ashlanders may challenge a stranger who enters a yurt (tent/living place)  without invitation. Customs differ with different tribes, but leave when requested and you may be forgiven. When challenged for sport, it is acceptable to decline. When challenged for honor it is shameful to decline. Honor challenges come from offense given in speech or action, or may represent customary formal challenges of status or ritual.
{CRISIS_AZTECS_TITLE}	Tribes of Ashlanders
{CRISIS_BYZANTIUM_DESCR}	High King Talcar \n\n As a united power, Summerset Isles is a very recent thing in the politics of Tamriel. In the language of the Ehlnofex, “Aldmeri” means literally “Home of the Elves”. Before founding of the Dominion existed two separate states -- Altmeri kingdom of Alinor, more commonly known as Summerset Isles, and Bosmeri kingdom of Valenwood. Present Aldmeri Dominion in actually a third one -- First and Second were run by the Altmers, or the High Elves, mainly in Second Era. The original Aldmeri Dominion was an empire founded by Queen Ayrenn in 2E 582, in the midst of the Interregnum. It was conceived after Ayrenn assumed the throne of Alinor and consisted of lands being today’s provinces of Summerset Isles, Valenwood and Elsweyr. The Second Dominion was formed in 2E 830 when the Summerset Isles conquered Valenwood over a dynastic dispute. When the heirs of the Camoran Dynasty sought to capture Valenwood's throne, a faction of Bosmer attempted to make peace with their enemies in the Colovian Estates by offering part of the Valenwood territory in exchange for the faction's own claimant. The Altmer, upon hearing of this, invaded Valenwood, citing a stewardship clause in a thousand-year-old treaty between their nations. The Altmer established Thalmor as the new government in Valenwood on behalf of their claimant Camoran Anaxemes. Since the Interregnum still gripped Tamriel, the Colovian armies were easily forced back by the Elves and the Second Aldmeri Dominion was born. Meanwhile, Tiber Septim rose to power in Cyrodiil and began his conquest of Tamriel. The nascent Third Empire expanded and encroached on Dominion territory, forcing the Bosmer attacks to subside. Although there was no formal declaration of war between the Dominion and the Empire, Tamriel had become divided between them in an unfolding clash of civilizations. The catastrophic use of the Numidium ended the long confrontation in 2E 896, resulting in the surrender of the Summerset Isles and the human conquest of Tamriel. The Second Dominion would represent the last time for centuries that the Elves of Tamriel ruled sovereign kingdoms on the continent, the legacy of the Direnni and Aldmer holdings.\n\n Third Aldmeri Dominion was born in the face of weaking Empire of Men, as a way to once again unite all Elves under single banner, and finally shake the chains of human domination. The Dominion can field very powerful -- even if not very numerous -- troops, and its mages are the most skilled ones in the known world. Bosmer archers and Altmer light infantry provide excellent fighting force, able to withstand highly disciplined Imperial Legions from Cyrodiil.
{CRISIS_BYZANTIUM_TITLE}High Kingdom of Summerset Isles
{CRISIS_ALTMER_DESCR}	Lord Naarfin \n\n  The Thalmor resurfaces as a radical political movement that espoused Elven supremacy and xenophobia. For years they were largely ignored, but now, during the Oblivion Crisis they attempt to exploit the confusion... \n\n In the language of the Ehlnofex, “Aldmeri” means literally “Home of the Elves”. Before founding of the Dominion existed two separate states -- Altmeri kingdom of Alinor, more commonly known as Summerset Isles, and Bosmeri kingdom of Valenwood. Present Aldmeri Dominion in actually a third one -- First and Second were run by the Altmers, or the High Elves, mainly in Second Era. The original Aldmeri Dominion was an empire founded by Queen Ayrenn in 2E 582, in the midst of the Interregnum. It was conceived after Ayrenn assumed the throne of Alinor and consisted of lands being today’s provinces of Summerset Isles, Valenwood and Elsweyr. The Second Dominion was formed in 2E 830 when the Summerset Isles conquered Valenwood over a dynastic dispute. When the heirs of the Camoran Dynasty sought to capture Valenwood's throne, a faction of Bosmer attempted to make peace with their enemies in the Colovian Estates by offering part of the Valenwood territory in exchange for the faction's own claimant. The Altmer, upon hearing of this, invaded Valenwood, citing a stewardship clause in a thousand-year-old treaty between their nations. The Altmer established Thalmor as the new government in Valenwood on behalf of their claimant Camoran Anaxemes. Since the Interregnum still gripped Tamriel, the Colovian armies were easily forced back by the Elves and the Second Aldmeri Dominion was born. Meanwhile, Tiber Septim rose to power in Cyrodiil and began his conquest of Tamriel. The nascent Third Empire expanded and encroached on Dominion territory, forcing the Bosmer attacks to subside. Although there was no formal declaration of war between the Dominion and the Empire, Tamriel had become divided between them in an unfolding clash of civilizations. The catastrophic use of the Numidium ended the long confrontation in 2E 896, resulting in the surrender of the Summerset Isles and the human conquest of Tamriel. The Second Dominion would represent the last time for centuries that the Elves of Tamriel ruled sovereign kingdoms on the continent, the legacy of the Direnni and Aldmer holdings.\n\n Third Aldmeri Dominion was born in the face of weaking Empire of Men, as a way to once again unite all Elves under single banner, and finally shake the chains of human domination. The Dominion can field very powerful -- even if not very numerous -- troops, and its mages are the most skilled ones in the known world. Bosmer archers and Altmer light infantry provide excellent fighting force, able to withstand highly disciplined Imperial Legions from Cyrodiil.
{CRISIS_ALTMER_TITLE}Council of Thalmor
{CRISIS_FRANCE_DESCR} Eraegaer Camoran \n\n The History of the Camoran Dynasty dates back to one of the earliest dates in Tamriel’s recorded History, 1E 0. Little is known about the Elf himself, but it is told that it was King Eplear who founded the Dynasty and first succeeded in uniting the fractured clans of Valenwood, Tamriel’s earliest Bosmer, and created their first effective political identity. This is considered one of the “greatest military feats in Tamriel’s history.”
Next to this, Eplear is probably best known for openly welcoming and inviting any race into Valenwood to live side by side with the Bosmeri. One of the most significant instances of refugees fleeing to the protection the Camoran’s offered were the Ayleids, who fled into Valenwood in large numbers after the Slave Rebellion and the rise of the Alessian Empire. For this, he is remembered by Tamriel as a kind, benevolent Monarch. It is from his reign that the Camoran bloodline most likely began to carry not only Altmer blood, but Ayleid bloodlines as well. \n\n The Camoran Dynasty is split into several treethanates, while the ancient Camaron throne itself lies somewhere in the highest branches of Falinesti; the walking tree city of the Bosmer king. Current capital of Valenwood is Elden Root. \n\nThe Bosmer allegedly made the Pact with Y'ffre, the Forest Deity. The Bosmer were religiously carnivorous and cannibalistic as a result of the Green Pact, a central portion of the Bosmer faith. The Green Pact is never explicitly shown, but in its simplest form, it sets these rules down: Bosmer may only consume meat-based products and are forbidden to harm any plant for their own betterment. As a result of these stipulations, Bosmer are dependent on either stone or imported timber for construction purposes. \n\n The Green Pact has also heavily impacted Bosmeri cuisine, combat, and weaponry. They have developed methods of fermenting meat and milk to develop powerful alcoholic beverages and weapons such as bows are often made of treated and shaped bones. Most notable about Bosmeri combat is their stipulation that a combatant must consume an enemy's corpse within 3 days of killing them. Their families are allowed to help eat the kill. This has led to changes in approaches to combat, such as fasting and planning family feasts following a battle. They also cannot smoke anything of a vegetable nature. Bone pipes are common, however, and are filled with caterpillars or tree grubs.
{CRISIS_FRANCE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Valenwood
{CRISIS_DENMARK_DESCR}	Gortworg gro-Nagorm\n\n Orsinium -- fortress and kingdom of orcs in Rotgarian Mountains, High Rock. \n\n First chief of orcs, who rallied them was Torug gro-Igorn. Then news about new kingdom came to ears of all orc rogues, they went to Orsinium. \n\n In one hand, chronicles of mankind describes Orsinium as fortress with brutal laws, and orc raiders, who held in fear all Bjoulsae valley. In one hand, orc chronicles describes themselves as peaceful kin. Both of them could be right. But all this data was destroyed with first siege.\n\n Armies of Daggerfall, Order of Diagna and Sentinel pushed orcs of Torug back to Orsinium just in thirty years. Fortress falled in 1E 980. Its walls were destroyed and became dust.\n\n Retreated orcs seeked for vault, but were expelled from everywhere. Orcs could create their state nowhere.\n\n But in 3E 399 Gortworg gro-Nagorm bought a land near old Orsinium and started to build a new town. Town didn't created negative reaction of commoners because of Gortworg's political talent. New Orsinium became a richful city, and after Warp of the West it has taken all central High Rock.\n\n Later, disruption occured in Orsinium - Gortworg started to honor Trinimac, and named daedric prince Malacath, who was symbol for all orcs In Tamriels. Who knows that cost will pay Gortwor for such dangerous game? \n\n
{CRISIS_DENMARK_TITLE}	Kingdom of Orsinium
{CRISIS_EGYPT_DESCR}		King Ashaad\n\n Hot are the sands of Elsweyr -- land between forests of Valenwood and marshes of Transniben, home to the Khajiit, feline race of cat-people. Nobody knows when they arrived here -- most probably Elsweyr is their ancestral lair, place of their origin. Civilization of the Khajiit predate known civilizations of Mer and Men on Tamriel, and in the ages past cat-people themselves were a lot more widespread than in the First Age. As described in A Pocket Guide to the Empire: “Topal the Pilot in his peregrinations around Tamriel encountered the Khajiit not in Elsweyr, but far up the Niben River, close to the Imperial City, where they preyed on other native creatures.” The desert in the times past was split into a number of smaller states, warring with each other for dominance and because of pride. That state of things lasted long until the time of the Thrassian Plague in 1E 2200 that devastated the whole of Tamriel in the course of hundreds of years. A large number of the peripheral areas of Elsweyr, destructed by plague and following war, split off and joined into the Cyrodiilic Empire of the Remans. This further sapped Khajiit unity though established a system of trust with outside powers. The Khajiit would remain loyal but non-enthusiastic about Imperial power and were one of the few supporters of the Akaviri Potentate Versidue Shaie who moved the Imperial court from the Imperial City to Senchal, a city in southern Elsweyr. Only the kingdoms of Anequina and Pellitine are known to have survived catastrophe of plague and submission intact, and they decided at that time to forge an Alliance of Peace -- thereby creating a unified confederacy under protection of the Empire of Men. “Sugar” wars and petty vendettas were forgotten, and chieftains tattooed new agreements on their faces. New confederacy was cemented by marriage -- Keirgo of Anequina married Eshita of Pellitine in 2E 309. In the light of the negotiations it is suggested the old Khajiiti saying was issued, “a perfect society is always found elsewhere”. With this, the Kingdom of Elsweyr was created, it's capitol to be in Ne Quin-al. Peace not lasted for long. Soon, the civil war broke the country, a bloody conflict that lasted for fifteen long years. Old hatreds lived once more, it appeared that two united states will in a moment fall into dozen of new warring, petty kingdoms. In 2E 324 Potentate Versidue Shaie was murdered by the Morag Tong in Senchal, soon afterwards the rebel Khajiit had sacked Ne Quin-al forcing the royal family to flee. \n\n Peace was restored by a religious leader and reformer, the Mane Rid-T'har-ri'Datta. Ri'Datta set out the cyclical pattern of power sharing that relied on the lunar patterns. He stated that Ne Quin-al would hold power during a full moon, Senchal the new moon, and Torval his own capitol, would hold power when the moon was at half. This left him with the most time shared in power but it was often divided into a number of other small kingdoms that rose and fell during this time. This act, called the Riddle'thar, created a principle foundation of power sharing that was able to appease all parties involved while remaining under the overall auspice of the Mane. Thus the Mane gained power and prestige as a figure for internal and external politics. In time, the Mane gained power of a dictator over whole Elsweyr, and to this day he rules the Khajiit as a head of the state, and head of the religion. \n\n Today the former areas of kingdom of Anequina (also called by its old name, Ne Quin-al) are directly ruled by a monarch from relatively young dynasty. In the north monarchic tendencies were always strong -- after all it was Anequina that was a home of old kings. Current Mane, residing in Pellitine, is a weak leader, and local kings and chiefs used this to their advantage, strengthening own position and bringing back menace of separation. Opposition against absolute domination of the Mane is strong in Anequina, and sentiment for independence still alive...
{CRISIS_EGYPT_TITLE}		Kingdom of Anequina
{CRISIS_ENGLAND_DESCR}	Martin Septim \n\n The Septim Empire or the Third Empire is the largest and most powerful state in the history of Tamriel. It was founded in the Second Era by a Dragonborn, Tiber Septim, known as Talos -- or so the official records say.\n\n The bases of its formation begin to appear in 2E 852, when the young Talos, while serving under king Cuhlecain, defeated the Breton-Nord invading alliance at the Battle of Sancre Tor. In 2E 854 unknown assassins kill Cuhlecain (rumored to be a Breton nightblades), who was later also known as "Emperor Zero". The same killer tries to cut the throat of General Talos, but the latter survives, though because of the terrible wounds on the neck he was deprived of his ability to use the Thu'um. From that moment, General Talos takes a Cyrodilic name - Tiber Septim and takes the throne. This event marks the birth of the Third Empire.\n\n Now Emperor, Tiber Septim, in what would be known later as the Tiber Wars, begin victorious campaigns against the other nations of Tamriel, combining them into a single empire -- first of such kind since Second Empire of Cyrodiils. A special role in these campaigns has been played by the dragon Nafaalilargus and the Dwemer construct called Numidium, accelerating success in capturing  provinces such as Morrowind and Summerset, respectively.\n\n In 896 of the Second Era Alinor, the capital of the Summerset isles, surrenders after a brief siege by the Numidium. From that moment all of Tamriel is united under one banner -- the banner of the Septim Empire, and thus begin a new, Third Era.
{CRISIS_ENGLAND_TITLE}	Empire of Cyrodiil
{CRISIS_COLOVIA_DESCR}	Count Titus Mede \n\n The Septim Empire or the Third Empire is the largest and most powerful state in the history of Tamriel. It was founded in the Second Era by a Dragonborn, Tiber Septim, known as Talos -- or so the official records say.\n\n The bases of its formation begin to appear in 2E 852, when the young Talos, while serving under king Cuhlecain, defeated the Breton-Nord invading alliance at the Battle of Sancre Tor. In 2E 854 unknown assassins kill Cuhlecain (rumored to be a Breton nightblades), who was later also known as "Emperor Zero". The same killer tries to cut the throat of General Talos, but the latter survives, though because of the terrible wounds on the neck he was deprived of his ability to use the Thu'um. From that moment, General Talos takes a Cyrodilic name - Tiber Septim and takes the throne. This event marks the birth of the Third Empire.\n\n Now Emperor, Tiber Septim, in what would be known later as the Tiber Wars, begin victorious campaigns against the other nations of Tamriel, combining them into a single empire -- first of such kind since Second Empire of Cyrodiils. A special role in these campaigns has been played by the dragon Nafaalilargus and the Dwemer construct called Numidium, accelerating success in capturing  provinces such as Morrowind and Summerset, respectively.\n\n In 896 of the Second Era Alinor, the capital of the Summerset isles, surrenders after a brief siege by the Numidium. From that moment all of Tamriel is united under one banner -- the banner of the Septim Empire, and thus begin a new, Third Era.\n\n 
{CRISIS_COLOVIA_TITLE}	Colovian Highlands
{CRISIS_HRE_DESCR}		Daedric God Mehrunes Dagon\n\n Oblivion \n\n For many long millennia Mehrunes Dagon -- Daedric Prince of Destruction and Change -- was preparing for what he called “Tamriel Reborned” -- great invasion of the mortal world, and claiming it as his own. Lord Dagon believe that Tamriel, the Starry Heart, is in reality another piece of Oblivion, stolen by treacherous Daedra from its rightful Prince, Lorkhan -- the Missing God. It is only just that the Lord of Change of Revolution himself would lay hand on abandoned domain. When Dragonfires became unlit and barrier between Nirn and Oblivion disappeared, hordes of demonic forces led by disciplined Dremora legions invaded whole Tamriel in a swift strike, all under the banner of Lord Dagon.\n\n Nobody was prepared for this conflict. Oblivion gates maintained by powerful sigil stones were opened at once in every province, from mushroom forests of the Telvanni to rocky hills of High Rock. Hordes of Oblivion are commanded by hierarchic Dremora, who call themselves Kyn -- mighty knights of Lord Dagon, loyal and deadly, commanded by sense of honor and duty. There are also mortals who sided with the Daedra, calling themselves “Mythic Dawn” -- their numbers grow with every day...
{CRISIS_HRE_TITLE}		Hordes of Oblivion
{CRISIS_HUNGARY_DESCR}	Archmagister Gothren\n\n “The wizard-lords of House Telvanni have traditionally isolated themselves, pursuing wisdom and mastery in solitude. But certain ambitious wizards-lords, their retainers, and clients have entered whole-heartedly into the competition to control and exploit Vvardenfell's land and resources, building towers and bases all along the eastern coast. According to Telvanni principles, the powerful define the standards of virtue.” - quote from “Great Houses of Morrowind”\n\n Mighty wizard-lords of Great House Telvanni are the most isolationist, arrogant and traditionalistic of all Great Houses of Morrowind -- and the last is not a big surprise, considering that Houses rulers are usually thousands-year old masters of arcane arts, who were old already when Empire of Tiber Septim was young. The Telvanni believe that wisdom confers power, and power confers right. Many Telvanni are known to be necromancers, some of which drove themselves mad with the practice, and their retainers are often involved in illegal activities that made House Telvanni unpopular amongst other Houses. Given their distrustful and xenophobic nature, this is likely the way they prefer it to be. House Telvanni is also the main source of business for the Morrowind slave trade. As a rule, House Telvanni is known to be obscenely wealthy. Some accounts claim that as a whole, in the later years of the Third Era, the House had a net worth rivalling the riches of the Imperial Treasury. Much of this financial leverage was greatly mitigated by the fact that many Telvanni exhausted their resources with ceaseless bickering and in fighting. Entire cities had been known to change hands repeatedly between two or more Telvanni wizard-lords over petty grievances and minor disputes that had, over the centuries, grown into major blood-wars. Often, the citizens of Telvanni controlled regions did not care much for or even especially notice the internal politics of the Great House, as abstract magickal vendettas between lofty, never-seen plutocrats and their legions of paid pawns rarely interrupted the lives of the common Dunmeri serf. A few notable exceptions to this did occur in instances of Telvanni lords massacring each other's logistical assets, but the House had various ways of making such occurrences “disappear” when the public outcry became too great. Additionally, a great deal of Telvanni wealth was spent on purely hedonistic extravagance and many luxuries for which most Telvanni had no real use.\n\n “We trust all members of House Telvanni to use their own judgement. If you steal from another Telvanni, but still live, then clearly you deserve whatever you stole. Murdering your opponents by magic or treachery is the traditional way of settling disputes. If you win, then clearly your argument has more merit. You may be expelled as in any other Great House, but most Telvanni will not care or even know about it. Does this appeal to you?” - rules of the Great House Telvanni, as being taught to new members\n\n The House Telvanni have two capitals: Sadrith Mora on Vvardenfell and Port Telvannis, situated on Telvanni Isles in the Padomaic Ocean, north east of Morrowind. Its ruling body is the Council -- place of meeting for all wizard masters, represented usually by ones called Voices. Honorary title of the head of House Telvanni falls to the master wizard called Archmagister -- in most cases he or she is also the one most powerful, cunning and deceitful.
{CRISIS_HUNGARY_TITLE}	Great House Telvanni
{CRISIS_MILAN_DESCR}		Lord Vivec\n\n Temple of the Tribunal is the largest and most prominent religious organization in Morrowind -- in fact, up until couple hundred years ago it was only legal faith, heretics and heathens were persecuted and, at best, banished. Tribunal orthodoxy teaches, that in the center of worship are three immortal, divine rulers -- Lord Vivec, the Warrior-Poet God, Lady Almalexia, the Mother-Goddess, and Lord Sotha Sil, the Clockmaster. From names of these everlasting god-kings come sacred designation of the Tribunal -- ALMSIVI. These three figures form the basis of worship, not being abstract concept or distant enigmas -- indeed, anyone willing to do so can meet in person with Almalexia or Vivec, in their respective cities named after them (Sotha Sil is a little bit more reclusive). Temple cult contains also very elaborate hierarchy of ancestral spirits and saints -- ones like Saint Veloth or Saint Nerevar -- including so-called Anticipations, that is three Daedric Princes who serve as a prototypes for the Tribunal, and were worshipped in times before rise of the Tribunes. Anticipations are Azura, Mephala and Boethiah. Center of the ancestral worship -- which also predates the Tribunal -- lies in the holy city of Necrom, in Sacred East. Temple is strictly organized into religious hierarchy with the head in shape of Tribunes themselves, followed by archcanons and so on. Great House Indoril, one of the Great Houses of Morrowind, is at this point practically part of the Temple, providing members to various Orders of the religions.\n\n The Tribunal preaches compassion, charity, courage, pride and justice, embodying them in life, such a caring for the poor and sick. At the same time the power of the Temple is largely based on the strength of its subordinate soldiers -- guards who maintain order on the streets of the cities belonging to the Temple, fighting the necromancers, vampires and servants of the Sixth House, as well as serving in the Inquisition.\n\n Doctrinal enemies of the Tribunal consist mainly of Four Corners of the House of Troubles -- Daedric Princes who refused, in Temple’s eyes, authority of the Tribunes -- these are Mehrunes Dagon, Molag Bal, Sheogorath and Malacath. Greatest mundane enemy of the Tribunal is Dagoth Ur, called Sharmat -- The Devil of the Red Mountain. Traditionally, atheistic House Telvanni also opposes power of the Temple, while recognizing might of the Tribunes themselves.
{CRISIS_MILAN_TITLE}		Tribunal Temple
{CRISIS_MOORS_DESCR}		King Lhothun\n\n Hammerfell is the eternal outsider of the human lands, either regarded by the Imperial citizen as Tamriel's dark and exotic west or its most tempestuous and dangerous quarter, full of barbarians and cutthroats. Both descriptions are apt, and can be equally attributed to its people, the proud and savage Redguards. \n\n Under the provincial organization of the Second Empire, two Redguard "parties" formed to aid Cyrodiil's administration of Hammerfell. The ancient Na-Totambu ruling class retained the rights of noble council as the Crowns, and the much-admired warriors of the Ra Gada were finally granted rights of ownership within their tribal districts. This empowerment fundamentally changed the Ra Gada, who began to call themselves the Forebears, firmly announcing their status as the first Redguards on Tamriel. This republic, however, lasted only so long as the Cyrodiils were strong enough to support it. During the Imperial Interregnum, control reverted back to the hereditary monarchy of the Na-Totambu. The new "High King" was even so bold as to move his throne from Old Hegathe to the more prosperous Forebear city of Sentinel, which had, by this time, mastered a third of the trade of the Iliac Bay.\n\n After the death of the last High King of Hammerfell, Thassad II, in 2E 862, the Forebears took Sentinel by force in a bid to end the Crowns' oppression. Thassad's son Prince A'tor moved to recapture the city, resulting in the bloodiest massacre in Hammerfell's history. The Forebears sought aid from Tiber Septim and the Third Empire, and together they defeated A'tor's forces at the Battle of Hunding Bay. Septim took the opportunity to install Imperial governors in Hammerfell's major cities in a bid to draw the region into his burgeoning Empire, part of his ongoing conquest of Tamriel. The ruthless tactics of the governors resulted in rebellions in Stros M'Kai and Sentinel, however, forcing Septim to agree to a treaty with the Crown and Forebear factions in order to keep Hammerfell an Imperial province.\n\n Centuries later, the Thalmor of the Aldmeri Dominion would attempt to seize control of Hammerfell from the Third Empire. Emperor Titus Mede II's refusal to concede to Thalmor demands triggered the Great War in 4E 171. Aldmeri forces crossed western Cyrodiil and invaded Hammerfell's southern coast, easily sweeping through the scattered resistance put up by the disunited Redguards. Initially only seeking to conquer Hammerfell, the Dominion launched a full-scale invasion of Cyrodiil when it realized the Empire was weaker than previously believed. Imperial fortunes took a turn for the better in Hammerfell two years later, when a Forebear army from Sentinel broke the siege of the Crown city of Hegathe, leading to the reconciliation of the two factions. After the Empire's hard-won victory in the Battle of the Red Ring in 4E 175, the Empire and Dominion signed the White-Gold Concordat and ended the war. Outraged that the terms of the treaty called for a large portion of southern Hammerfell to be turned over to the Dominion, however, the Redguards soundly rejected it. Titus II was forced to officially renounce Hammerfell as an Imperial province to preserve the peace, and fighting between the Aldmeri and Redguards continued. In 4E 180, the exhausted Dominion agreed to the Second Treaty of Stros M'Kai and finally withdrew from the region, leaving Hammerfell an independent albeit devastated nation.\n\n Redguards are divided between the cosmopolitan, progressive Forebears and the fundamentalist, isolationist Crowns. The Forebears are the descendants of the Yokudan military class, the Ra Gada, and are generally open to outside cultures such as the Imperials and Bretons; the Crowns are the descendants of the Yokudan noble class and still prefer to shun outsiders, vying to preserve the customs and culture of their ancestors.
{CRISIS_MOORS_TITLE}		Clan of Forebears
{CRISIS_POLAND_DESCR}	Archmaster Bolvyn Venim\n\n “The Redoran prize the virtues of duty, gravity, and piety. Duty is to one's own honor, and to one's family and clan. Gravity is the essential seriousness of life. Life is hard, and events must be judged, endured, and reflected upon with due care and earnestness. Piety is respect for the gods, and the virtues they represent. A light, careless life is not worth living.” -- quote from “Great Houses of Morrowind”\n\n The Dunmer founded-and-dominated House Redoran is one of the six Great Houses of Morrowind. The house is made up of seasoned warriors who protect western Morrowind in the Velothi Mountains from Nord invaders from the province of Skyrim. Their holdings in the mainland of Morrowind include a large portion of the Western Mountains, the Northwestern Highlands and the Great Valley. Redoran believes itself to be beyond most of the other houses due to their honor and martial prowess. They hate the Ashlanders, considering them to be heretics against the Tribunal. Some segments of House Redoran believe they should be removed as well as the blasphemous vampire clans. While not priests or holy crusaders like House Indoril, the Redoran are nevertheless driven by firm religious convictions.\n\n “Great House Redoran praises all the skills of war. Not because we believe war is good or honourable in it’s own right, but because this knowledge is necessary to perform one's duty. House Redoran's warrior fight with a long blade and a shield or with a spear. A noble of House Redoran must also learn to use a bow and must be athletic enough for the long marches to battle. A Redoran wears heavy or medium armour depending on rank and strategy. A noble of House Redoran is expected to know how to repair and maintain his own armour.” -- quote from “The True Noble’s Code”\n\n The Council Seat of House Redoran in the district of Vvardenfell is situated in Ald'ruhn. Their main capital in the province of Morrowind is Blacklight. The House Redoran is ruled by an Archmaster, who is supported by his Councillors. In general, House Redoran is skeptic toward the Empire -- still, one can speak about sort of mutual respect between noble warriors of the Redoran and disciplined Imperial Legions. Also, House Telvanni traditionally disregard Redoran, with mutual disdain. Even highly conservative, Great House Redoran almost do not employ slaves, regarding the practice as dishonorable.
{CRISIS_POLAND_TITLE}	Great House Redoran
{CRISIS_PORTUGAL_DESCR}	Lord Dagoth Ur\n\n “Pity Dagoth Ur and the Sixth House. All they do, all they are is foul and evil, but they began in brightness and honour, and the cause of their fall was their loyal service to you, Lord Nerevar. You told Lord Dagoth to guard the profane tools beneath Red Mountain, and thus he was tempted. He did your bidding when he tried to keep these tools from the Tribunal, and so he hates you, who betrayed him, and the Tribunal, who mocked his honour, attacked him, and stole the profane tools for their own use.” -- Peakstar\n\n Great House Dagoth is one of the ancient Great Houses of the Dunmer people -- but is no longer recognized as such by mainstream Tribunal narrative and rewritten by them history of the land. In an age of Old Resdayn, back in the First Era, when Dunmer were Chimer and Dwemer lived on Tamriel, House Dagoth was one of the most influential of Great Houses, rivalled only by House Indoril or House Telvanni. It’s capital was majestic stronghold of Kogoruhn, near base of the Red Mountain. Dagoths were strongly opposing webweaving politics of other Houses, their scheming in the shades and backstabbing -- Sixth House was known for its honour, loyalty and prowess in magical arts. Head of the House was Lord Voryn Dagoth -- today known as Dagoth Ur.\n\n Close advisor to the legendary leader of all Chimer, Lord Indoril Nerevar, called Moon-and-star, Lord Voryn at some point discovered schemes of the Dwemer, who planned to use Heart of Lorkhan to use power of the Heart of Lorkhan to make whole Dwemer race divine -- a way of escaping Nirn, which Dwemer considered flawed and unreal. War erupted when Dwarves refused to handle over the Tools which Kagrenac, their chief Tonal Architect and leader of blasphemous project, designed to manipulate the Heart. In great, long conflict, forces of the Chimer prevailed. Kagrenac used the Tools on the Heart, causing famous Dwemer Dissapearance -- what became of Dwarves, nobody knows. Then Nerevar instructed his friend and comrade, Dagoth Voryn, to take care of the tools, while he headed to meet with his councillors -- Alma, Seht and Vivec. There he was betrayed and brutally murdered -- power-hungry councillors went to the Red Mountain and wanted to obtain the Tools from Lord Dagoth. He refused, not wanting mistakes of the Dwemer to be made by his people. One versus three, he was overwhelmed and killed by the traitors, who used the Tools and became False Gods of the new Morrowind, that was founded on the murder of Lord Nerevar and blasphemous use of the divine power. But Lord Dagoth did not die. He was resurrected by the power of the Heart. He has risen more powerful than before, and rebuild Sixth House from scratch, sharing His divine power with followers, giving them Dreams of glory and hope for a New Resdayn. Lord Dagoth -- Dagoth Ur -- vowed to destroy false temple of traitor-gods and to push out the dogs of the Empire from Morrowind. He created Divine Disease to spread his power all over the province. Time of reckoning comes for murderers of Lord Nerevar comes, and Lord Dagoth Ur will soon spread His divine power over whole Dunmereth... and then Tamriel. \n\n Bulk of House Dagoth’s forces are formed by hordes of Corprus victims, those that had no willpower to withstand the divine power of Dagoth Ur. House Dagoth can also command powerful, trained warriors and mages. Mightiest of the servants of the Tribe Unmourned are “Sleepers” of many kinds, those who ascended and are connected with the Dream of Dagoth Ur, wielding potent spells and enchanted weapons.
{CRISIS_PORTUGAL_TITLE}	Great House Dagoth
{CRISIS_RUSSIA_DESCR}	Chieftain An-Zaw \n\n For thousands of years lands of south-eastern Tamriel were used as a widely popular haven for all kind of thieves, smugglers and criminals -- place where you could quickly and easily disappear without a trace, and from where it was a short way to rich lands of imperial Nibenay or Dunmeri holdings of Dres and Hlaalu. Thick, tall trees -- ones that grow in no other place than this -- in shade of which one can become a ghost were, however, not the only thing native to these parts... Black Marshes -- because that’s how outsiders call this dark, foggy swamp stretching across hundreds of miles -- is a home to the Hist. What the Hist are nobody knows, other than that they are alien beings in shape of sentient trees. They were here since beginning of time, indeed some even say that they predate known history, that when even first races of Men or Mer were not yet born, roots of the Hist were already old. At some point of time the Hist created -- or adopted -- a servant race o humanoid, reptilian lizards, beings closely connected to the Great Trees. These reptilians call themselves Saxhleel, and are more commonly known as Argonians. Many times different empires -- that of the Elvenkind, that of Men -- tried to conquer Black Marshes, always failing in the task, defeated by swamp itself, by its many diseases, by its inhabitants, by climate and weather. In the ages past The Marsh was a house to other races as well, but for a short -- like silver-skinned men called Kothringi, or vulpine beast race, Lilmothiit. Kothringi were wiped out by Knahaten Flu Flu, which persisted for 41 years, from 2E 560 to 2E 601. The native Argonians proved immune to the effects of this plague, leading others to suggest that they and the Hist had created it... The Second Era saw also first in the history submission of the Black Marsh -- in 2E 2881 forces of Reman Cyrodiil II defeated the Saxhleel at the Battle of Argonia (hence the name Argonians). Natives retreated into inapproachable centre of the swamps, and Cyrodiil considered them broken and annexed. After the fall of Cyrodiil Dynasty and rise of the Potentate, Argonia became independent once again -- only to be conquered once more by Tiber Septim himself, man who united whole of Tamriel for a first time. \n\n For hundreds of years now Argonians have been living in the shade of their neighboors aggression and prejudice. Elves from the west and north see them as a little more than savages -- indeed, the hated Dunmer from Morrowind even trade with members of the Saxhleel people, treating them as a cattle. Men does not respect ancient tradition of the Marshes, always seeing it only as a place to prove themselves and satisfy their ambitions. But Argonians were already here when Empires of Men where young. Roots of the Hist grow deep, and the Hist do not forget. In the coming time of troubles a chance for vengeance draw near...
{CRISIS_RUSSIA_TITLE}	Clans of Black Marsh
{CRISIS_SKYRIM_DESCR}	High King Ragnar Snowhood \n\n “Some say that Skyrim is the most dangerous place in all of Tamriel. I think it is not. I think it is beautiful, and I’m happy that it I can call it my home” -- Mjoll the Lioness \n\n Skyrim -- Home of the Nords, Old Kingdom, the Fatherland, Throat of the World. One of the biggest provinces of the Empire. Land of impassable mountain ranges, snowy peaks (among which highest of them all -- High Hrothgar), frozen wastes, dense forests and harsh people. It was Skyrim -- then called Mereth, Land of the Elves, because of the Falmer people who dwelled here -- where Men of the North first set foot on Tamriel. Legend of mighty Ysgrammor and his Five Hundred Companions live till this day, legend of deserted Atmora, place of Nordic origin. It was the Nords that called their new home Throat of the World -- they know and believe that it’s here where sky touches the earth and becomes one. \n\n Land of Skyrim is located is northern Tamriel, separated from tropical Cyrodiil by Jerall Mountains in the south, and from ashes od Morrowind by Velothi Mountains to the east. Provinces of High Rock and Hammerfell lie to the West, behind rocky hills and uninhabited woodlands. Far, far to the North lies Old Atmora -- place from which ancestors of the Nords came from. Island of Solstheim, located in the Sea of Ghosts, is sometimes considered part of Skyrim, because of large Nordic population living there, but was never in fact part of any Nordic state. Borders of the Old Kingdom are dotted with mighty fortresses -- that’s one of the things that Nords learned from the land itself. Impassable mountains, already sufficient defense “structures”, inspired stark, tough Nordic architecture. Most famous of this citadels is called the Pale Pass -- castle on the border between Skyrim and Cyrodiil. It’s there where legendary Reman Cyrodiil, worshiped by Cyrods as the Worldly God, destroyed invading Akaviri army in the Second Era. \n\n Historians often -- albeit wrongly -- describe history of Men in Tamriel as history of succeeding waves of Nordic migration, from Old Atmora through Skyrim to the South. Men -- especially various tribes of Nedes in what is now called Cyrodiil -- were already living on the continent when Nords settled in Skyrim, but Men of the North themselves like to think of their heritage as of first human heritage of Tamriel. Truth remains that first great human political structures in this land was carved by Nordic sword -- they founded first kingdoms of Men, first in the north, then elsewhere. Nordic might was essential in establishment of the First Empire in Cyrodiil, under Saint Queen Alessia, and since then each Empire always sought support of Nordic strength, be it Reman Cyrodiil, or the Septims. Tiber Septim himself, divine Talos -- known in Skyrim as Ysmir, Dragon of the North -- is believed to have been a Nord, and he is the greatest conqueror in known history. Nordic victories are many any glorious -- they used to be rulers of Morrowind, which they called Dwemereth, and of large portions of neighboring provinces. It’s Nordic pantheon of gods formed a basis for contemporary Imperial Cult of Nine Divines. Nords use to see the Empire as their own, and never acknowledged any pretender as an emperor, if he wasn’t first seeking their support -- to mention only times in the Interregnum of the Second Era, after destruction of the Reman dynasty in Cyrodiil, when Nords fought with self-proclaimed Longhouse Emperors, and emperor Varen Aquilarios, their successor. As long as there are Nords, no elf will rule Tamriel -- and no empire will be built without strength of the Nordic sword behind it. \n\n Nords of Skyrim, Descendants of Old Atmora -- they are indeed the staunchest defenders of Men, always ready to seize power -- like they did in ages past -- when necessary.
{CRISIS_SKYRIM_TITLE}	High Kingdom of Skyrim (held by Haafingar)
{CRISIS_SCOTLAND_DESCR}	Jarl Hrongar Pale-Rider \n\n “Some say that Skyrim is the most dangerous place in all of Tamriel. I think it is not. I think it is beautiful, and I’m happy that it I can call it my home” -- Mjoll the Lioness \n\n Skyrim -- Home of the Nords, Old Kingdom, the Fatherland, Throat of the World. One of the biggest provinces of the Empire. Land of impassable mountain ranges, snowy peaks (among which highest of them all -- High Hrothgar), frozen wastes, dense forests and harsh people. It was Skyrim -- then called Mereth, Land of the Elves, because of the Falmer people who dwelled here -- where Men of the North first set foot on Tamriel. Legend of mighty Ysgrammor and his Five Hundred Companions live till this day, legend of deserted Atmora, place of Nordic origin. It was the Nords that called their new home Throat of the World -- they know and believe that it’s here where sky touches the earth and becomes one. \n\n Land of Skyrim is located is northern Tamriel, separated from tropical Cyrodiil by Jerall Mountains in the south, and from ashes od Morrowind by Velothi Mountains to the east. Provinces of High Rock and Hammerfell lie to the West, behind rocky hills and uninhabited woodlands. Far, far to the North lies Old Atmora -- place from which ancestors of the Nords came from. Island of Solstheim, located in the Sea of Ghosts, is sometimes considered part of Skyrim, because of large Nordic population living there, but was never in fact part of any Nordic state. Borders of the Old Kingdom are dotted with mighty fortresses -- that’s one of the things that Nords learned from the land itself. Impassable mountains, already sufficient defense “structures”, inspired stark, tough Nordic architecture. Most famous of this citadels is called the Pale Pass -- castle on the border between Skyrim and Cyrodiil. It’s there where legendary Reman Cyrodiil, worshiped by Cyrods as the Worldly God, destroyed invading Akaviri army in the Second Era. \n\n Historians often -- albeit wrongly -- describe history of Men in Tamriel as history of succeeding waves of Nordic migration, from Old Atmora through Skyrim to the South. Men -- especially various tribes of Nedes in what is now called Cyrodiil -- were already living on the continent when Nords settled in Skyrim, but Men of the North themselves like to think of their heritage as of first human heritage of Tamriel. Truth remains that first great human political structures in this land was carved by Nordic sword -- they founded first kingdoms of Men, first in the north, then elsewhere. Nordic might was essential in establishment of the First Empire in Cyrodiil, under Saint Queen Alessia, and since then each Empire always sought support of Nordic strength, be it Reman Cyrodiil, or the Septims. Tiber Septim himself, divine Talos -- known in Skyrim as Ysmir, Dragon of the North -- is believed to have been a Nord, and he is the greatest conqueror in known history. Nordic victories are many any glorious -- they used to be rulers of Morrowind, which they called Dwemereth, and of large portions of neighboring provinces. It’s Nordic pantheon of gods formed a basis for contemporary Imperial Cult of Nine Divines. Nords use to see the Empire as their own, and never acknowledged any pretender as an emperor, if he wasn’t first seeking their support -- to mention only times in the Interregnum of the Second Era, after destruction of the Reman dynasty in Cyrodiil, when Nords fought with self-proclaimed Longhouse Emperors, and emperor Varen Aquilarios, their successor. As long as there are Nords, no elf will rule Tamriel -- and no empire will be built without strength of the Nordic sword behind it. \n\n Nords of Skyrim, Descendants of Old Atmora -- they are indeed the staunchest defenders of Men, always ready to seize power -- like they did in ages past -- when necessary.
{CRISIS_SCOTLAND_TITLE}	Hold of Eastmarch
{CRISIS_SICILY_DESCR}	King Hlaalu Helseth\n\n "As a result of its close relationship with the Imperial administration, House Hlaalu has emerged as politically and economically dominant among the Great Houses of Vvardenfell and Morrowind. Hlaalu welcomes Imperial culture and law, Imperial Legions and bureaucracy, and Imperial freedom of trade and religion. Hlaalu still honors the old Dunmer ways -- the ancestors, the Temple, and the noble houses -- but has readily adapted to the rapid pace of change and progress in the Imperial provinces." —- quote from "Great Houses of Morrowind"\n\n The House is largely concerned with business and diplomacy, seeking to strengthen ties with at times unconventional allies such as the Empire, and although profit is often a primary objective, traditional Hlaalu practice recognizes the value of a good reputation over money. This is their great strength -- they are fast talkers and intelligent traders -- and their great liability; most Hlaalu are bribable, either with gold or with other favors, with their leaders as no exception. House Hlaalu retainers are also masters of thievery, sneaking, lock-picking, blackmailing and backstabbing, both literal and metaphorical. While some councilors are honest and fair, others are more under-handed and corrupt. However, House Hlaalu's most distinguishing characteristic is its willingness to live in harmony with the other races, setting it apart from the other, occasionally xenophobic, Dunmer Great Houses.\n\n During the Tiber Wars, which led to the foundation of the Third Empire, House Hlaalu was alone among the Dunmer Great Houses in proposing accommodation to the massing Imperial legions rather than resistance. After the Armistice was signed, the ruling Lord High Councilor of Morrowind, a member of House Indoril who refused to accept the treaty, was assassinated, and replaced by a Hlaalu noble.Furthermore, the role of the figurehead Sovereign of Morrowind was also filled by a Hlaalu; first Queen Barenziah, and followed, after her abdication during the Imperial Simulacrum, by her uncle King Athyn Llethan. After Llethan's death, the ambitious and ruthless Prince Hlaalu Helseth of Wayrest took the throne.\n\n When previously Temple-owned land on Vvardenfell was opened up for exploration and settlement in 3E 414, Hlaalu managed to grab the lion's share of the best lands in the fertile Ascadian Isles, and also got awarded the charter to the rich ebony mines in Caldera. Vedam Dren, another well-known Hlaalu noble, was the Duke of the Imperial District of Vvardenfell at the end of the Third Era. House Hlaalu was, on the surface, the most in favor of the Empire of all Great Houses, with allies in all the Imperial trade guilds.\n\n "In the great wind of progress, tradition cannot stand. Grasp fortune by the forelocks. When you see your chances, seize them. When you see a chance to turn a profit, take it. But do not follow money blindly. There is value in reputation, more than many young Hlaalu realize. This value must be carefully balanced against the more tangible coins in any deal. Theft and murder are bad for business. You can steal from someone, but will he trade with you after that? You can't bargain with a dead man." — quote from "Grasping Fortune
{CRISIS_SICILY_TITLE}	Great House Hlaalu
{CRISIS_SPAIN_DESCR}		Lord Ammun \n\n Hammerfell is the eternal outsider of the human lands, either regarded by the Imperial citizen as Tamriel's dark and exotic west or its most tempestuous and dangerous quarter, full of barbarians and cutthroats. Both descriptions are apt, and can be equally attributed to its people, the proud and savage Redguards. \n\n Under the provincial organization of the Second Empire, two Redguard "parties" formed to aid Cyrodiil's administration of Hammerfell. The ancient Na-Totambu ruling class retained the rights of noble council as the Crowns, and the much-admired warriors of the Ra Gada were finally granted rights of ownership within their tribal districts. This empowerment fundamentally changed the Ra Gada, who began to call themselves the Forebears, firmly announcing their status as the first Redguards on Tamriel. This republic, however, lasted only so long as the Cyrodiils were strong enough to support it. During the Imperial Interregnum, control reverted back to the hereditary monarchy of the Na-Totambu. The new "High King" was even so bold as to move his throne from Old Hegathe to the more prosperous Forebear city of Sentinel, which had, by this time, mastered a third of the trade of the Iliac Bay.\n\n After the death of the last High King of Hammerfell, Thassad II, in 2E 862, the Forebears took Sentinel by force in a bid to end the Crowns' oppression. Thassad's son Prince A'tor moved to recapture the city, resulting in the bloodiest massacre in Hammerfell's history. The Forebears sought aid from Tiber Septim and the Third Empire, and together they defeated A'tor's forces at the Battle of Hunding Bay. Septim took the opportunity to install Imperial governors in Hammerfell's major cities in a bid to draw the region into his burgeoning Empire, part of his ongoing conquest of Tamriel. The ruthless tactics of the governors resulted in rebellions in Stros M'Kai and Sentinel, however, forcing Septim to agree to a treaty with the Crown and Forebear factions in order to keep Hammerfell an Imperial province.\n\n Centuries later, the Thalmor of the Aldmeri Dominion would attempt to seize control of Hammerfell from the Third Empire. Emperor Titus Mede II's refusal to concede to Thalmor demands triggered the Great War in 4E 171. Aldmeri forces crossed western Cyrodiil and invaded Hammerfell's southern coast, easily sweeping through the scattered resistance put up by the disunited Redguards. Initially only seeking to conquer Hammerfell, the Dominion launched a full-scale invasion of Cyrodiil when it realized the Empire was weaker than previously believed. Imperial fortunes took a turn for the better in Hammerfell two years later, when a Forebear army from Sentinel broke the siege of the Crown city of Hegathe, leading to the reconciliation of the two factions. After the Empire's hard-won victory in the Battle of the Red Ring in 4E 175, the Empire and Dominion signed the White-Gold Concordat and ended the war. Outraged that the terms of the treaty called for a large portion of southern Hammerfell to be turned over to the Dominion, however, the Redguards soundly rejected it. Titus II was forced to officially renounce Hammerfell as an Imperial province to preserve the peace, and fighting between the Aldmeri and Redguards continued. In 4E 180, the exhausted Dominion agreed to the Second Treaty of Stros M'Kai and finally withdrew from the region, leaving Hammerfell an independent albeit devastated nation.\n\n Redguards are divided between the cosmopolitan, progressive Forebears and the fundamentalist, isolationist Crowns. The Forebears are the descendants of the Yokudan military class, the Ra Gada, and are generally open to outside cultures such as the Imperials and Bretons; the Crowns are the descendants of the Yokudan noble class and still prefer to shun outsiders, vying to preserve the customs and culture of their ancestors.
{CRISIS_SPAIN_TITLE}		Clan of Crowns
{CRISIS_TIMURIDS_DESCR}	Steward Odron\n\n “Dres District is in the south of Morrowind, bordering the swamps and marshes of Black Marsh. House Dres is an agrarian agricultural society, and its large saltrice plantations rely completely on slave labor for their economic viability. Always firm Temple supporters, House Dres is hostile to Imperial law and culture, and in particular opposed to any attempts to limit the institution of slavery.” -- quote from “Great Houses of Morrowind”\n\n House Dres is one of the Great Houses of Morrowind, with presence only on the mainland. It governs the Dres District of south-eastern Morrowind from the city of Tear. The district include the fertile Deshaan plain, and border Indoril District and Temple lands and the swamps of the Black Marsh. It was formally established as a Great House by Grandmaster Thalthil Dres after an slave-raid over Thorn. The Dres have a mainly rural but still very wealthy agrarian agricultural society, maintaining vast saltrice plantations on the plains and marshes surrounding Tear. This Great House is also the one that enslaves and ships slaves to the other Great Houses, keeping thousands of captives, mostly Argonians, in their infamous slave-pens of Tear and the surrounding plantations. Dres society is rigid, very xenophobic and highly traditional -- to the point in which a lot of Dres start to reject the Tribunal Temple as an innovation. Daedric cults -- considering cults of so-called Bad Daedra, like Mehrunes Dagos -- are very widespread in Dres lands, even more so in comparison with other Morrowind districts. Hierarchy of these Dunmer take form of castes which are almost impossible to cross one way or the other. Unlike in the lands of the Hlaalu, merchants in the south are almost rejected, holding the same position as maids or non-slave servants. On the top of the social ladders are powerful landholders, each owning thousands of slaves. Head of the Great House Dres is called a Steward, and this position tends to be hereditary. Tribunal Temple holds special place among people of this Great House, existing outside of social caste system -- so even though Daedric worship is frequent, priests of the Tribunes hold great power. Indeed, Dres are a customary ally of the Temple and House Indoril. House Dres is so heavily dependent on slave trade that their agrarian economy rejects and remains hostile to the culture of the Empire, which abolished slavery everywhere except Morrowind. Economy of the House Dres relies mainly on slaves and plantations of saltrice. Saltrice, slaves, muck -- it is the glue that holds together thousands years old caste hierarchy.
{CRISIS_TIMURIDS_TITLE}	Great House Dres
{CRISIS_TURKS_DESCR}		Nhad-Hatta the Mane\n\n Hot are the sands of Elsweyr -- land between forests of Valenwood and marshes of Transniben, home to the Khajiit, feline race of cat-people. Nobody knows when they arrived here -- most probably Elsweyr is their ancestral lair, place of their origin. Civilization of the Khajiit predate known civilizations of Mer and Men on Tamriel, and in the ages past cat-people themselves were a lot more widespread than in the First Age. As described in A Pocket Guide to the Empire: “Topal the Pilot in his peregrinations around Tamriel encountered the Khajiit not in Elsweyr, but far up the Niben River, close to the Imperial City, where they preyed on other native creatures.” The desert in the times past was split into a number of smaller states, warring with each other for dominance and because of pride. That state of things lasted long until the time of the Thrassian Plague in 1E 2200 that devastated the whole of Tamriel in the course of hundreds of years. A large number of the peripheral areas of Elsweyr, destructed by plague and following war, split off and joined into the Cyrodiilic Empire of the Remans. This further sapped Khajiit unity though established a system of trust with outside powers. The Khajiit would remain loyal but non-enthusiastic about Imperial power and were one of the few supporters of the Akaviri Potentate Versidue Shaie who moved the Imperial court from the Imperial City to Senchal, a city in southern Elsweyr. Only the kingdoms of Anequina and Pellitine are known to have survived catastrophe of plague and submission intact, and they decided at that time to forge an Alliance of Peace -- thereby creating a unified confederacy under protection of the Empire of Men. “Sugar” wars and petty vendettas were forgotten, and chieftains tattooed new agreements on their faces. New confederacy was cemented by marriage -- Keirgo of Anequina married Eshita of Pellitine in 2E 309. In the light of the negotiations it is suggested the old Khajiiti saying was issued, “a perfect society is always found elsewhere”. With this, the Kingdom of Elsweyr was created, it's capitol to be in Ne Quin-al. Peace not lasted for long. Soon, the civil war broke the country, a bloody conflict that lasted for fifteen long years. Old hatreds lived once more, it appeared that two united states will in a moment fall into dozen of new warring, petty kingdoms. In 2E 324 Potentate Versidue Shaie was murdered by the Morag Tong in Senchal, soon afterwards the rebel Khajiit had sacked Ne Quin-al forcing the royal family to flee. \n\n Peace was restored by a religious leader and reformer, the Mane Rid-T'har-ri'Datta. Ri'Datta set out the cyclical pattern of power sharing that relied on the lunar patterns. He stated that Ne Quin-al would hold power during a full moon, Senchal the new moon, and Torval his own capitol, would hold power when the moon was at half. This left him with the most time shared in power but it was often divided into a number of other small kingdoms that rose and fell during this time. This act, called the Riddle'thar, created a principle foundation of power sharing that was able to appease all parties involved while remaining under the overall auspice of the Mane. Thus the Mane gained power and prestige as a figure for internal and external politics. In time, the Mane gained power of a dictator over whole Elsweyr, and to this day he rules the Khajiit as a head of the state, and head of the religion. \n\n Today the former areas of kingdom of Pellitine (also called Pa'alatiin) are directly controlled by the Mane. Current one is a weak leader, and local kings and chiefs used this to their advantage, strengthening own position and bringing back menace of separation. Especially in the north, in the land of ancient rival of Pellitine, in Anequina, opposition against absolute domination of the Mane is strong, and sentiment for independence alive...
{CRISIS_TURKS_TITLE}		Kingdom of Pellitine
{CRISIS_VENICE_DESCR}	King Gothryd\n\n Identity of Daggerfall is a complicated one. While other great Albalic cities -- like, for example, Sentinel or Wayrest -- are cities of the Breton and are often considered cradles of native High Rock culture, Daggerfall provides a different case. Today it’s society is in many ways unique among many local varieties of Breton standard -- it’s more militarized, and much more obsessed with it’s past. There are many very credible archeological evidence suggesting that in the place of today’s city-state of Daggerfall used to exist many other settlements, not all of them even human. Daggerfall was founded a little before 1E 246 by invading Nords from Skyrim, who brought a rough sort of civilization with them during the Skyrim Conquests. Numerous legends exist for its name -- including that the first chieftain threw a dagger and let the spot where it fell act as the border. Skyrim only maintained control for roughly a century before the War of Succession cost it all its holdings in other modern-day provinces. However, Daggerfall actually thrived under Skyrim's rule and thus had an advantageous position over its neighbors upon independence. The kingdom became a power center for the Altmer Direnni clan, but still continued to thrive after they lost power in High Rock. By 1E 609, under the rule of King Thadore, Daggerfall was already the preeminent economic, cultural, and military force in southern High Rock, and it remained so for millennia.\n\n While all of the Iliac Bay region constantly jockeyed for power, two primary rivals for power emerged: Sentinel and Wayrest. At many times throughout history the conflict was merely economic. During times of peace, the nobility of Daggerfall and Wayrest were often known to vacation in Sentinel. In 3E 267, Daggerfall joined a large coalition of High Rock kingdoms to defeat Haymon Camoran, the Camoran Usurper. The kingdom often cooperated with its neighbors throughout history to fight against Orcs and Orsinium.\n\n Today Daggerfall -- after chaos often called Warp in the West -- is led by native dynasty, only nominally accepting sovereignty of distant, losing its power Empire in Cyrodiil. Being today biggest city in all of High Rock, Daggerfall plans to finally grab ultimate power for itself, not to still lie in the shadow of ancient Wayrest or Sentinel.
{CRISIS_VENICE_TITLE}	Kingdom of Daggerfall
{CRISIS_MONGOLS_DESCR}	King Eadwyre II\n\n Wayrest -- without a doubt one of the greatest cities in western Tamriel, perhaps even in the known world. On its streets astonishing beauty of today intertwine with still revered glory of yesterday, a brilliant hope for tomorrow for people of Wayrest and all High Rock. In the eyes of most Breton Wayrest easily surpass other Albalic cities -- there is no place that contributed as much as this one to the collective culture and history of the Bretons. City of White Marble, as it’s often called, is without doubt one of pillars of High Rock rich civilization. On the broad streets you can smell spices from all over the world, you can see wares brought by merchants from distant, exotic lands -- spirit of Wayrest is spirit of trading discoverers, spirit of proud people who suck their pride from mother’s breasts, but to not go around and show it to others, like upstarts from Daggerfall use to do. Walking around ancient boulevards one can feel twenty three ages of heritage -- but also loud voice of modernity.\n\n It is difficult for historians to declare a certain date for the foundation of Wayrest. A settlement of some variety had already existed where the Bjoulsae River feeds the Iliac Bay possibly since the 800th year of the First Era. The traders and fishermen of Wayrest were surrounded by hostile parties: the Orc capitol Orsinium had grown like a poison weed to the north, and the Akaviri pirates and raiders crowded the islands to the west. There is no mystery to Wayrest's name. After the fighting most travellers had to endure passing through the eastern end of the Iliac Bay, the little fishing village on the Bjoulsae was a welcome rest. Nowhere in the much vaunted censuses of the Skyrim Occupation is Wayrest mentioned. In the Annals of Daggerfall, King Joile's letter to Gaiden Shinji of the Order of Diagna contains the following reference: “The Orcs have been much plaguing the Wayresters and impeding traffic to the heart of the land.” The date given for the letter was 1E 948.\n\n Wayrest only truly bloomed after the razing of Orsinium in 1E 980. The hard-working traders and merchants were instrumental in forming the Masconian Trade Way and thus reducing the pirate activity on the Bay. At this time, Wayrest occupied both banks of the Bjoulsae. A successful mercantile family, the Gardners, built a walled palace on the High Rock side of the river and, over time, allowed banks and other businesses within its walls. It was a Gardner, Farangel, who was proclaimed king when Wayrest accepted ambassadors from the Camorian Empire, and was granted the right to call itself a kingdom in the 1100th year of the 1st Era. Although Wayrest became a kingdom under the command of one family, the merchants continued to wield incredible power. Many economists have alleged that Wayrest's eternal wealth, despite all her hardships, comes from this rare relationship between the merchants and the crown. The Gardner Dynasty fell, followed by the Cumberland Dynasty -- including famous High King of High Rock, first and the last in known history, Emeric I Cumberland -- which was followed by the Horley Dynasty, and many more in following centuries. No citizen of another kingdom of comparable age can, with one hand, name all the families who have ever ruled. Never has a king of Wayrest been deposed by revolution or assassination. Every king of Wayrest can trace his line back to a merchant prince. The traders and king respect one another, and this relationship strengthens both.\n\n One need only walk down the great boulevard of Wayrest to see physical proof of this unique alliance. Going north to south, Wayrest Boulevard suddenly divides, one half going west and the other going east. Both halfs end in identical squares: one at Castle Wayrest, the original palace of Aphren Gardner, and the other at Cumberland Square, where the oldest and wealthiest marketplace in Wayrest. The message here is clear: the king and the merchants are joined and equal.\n\n Wayrest has survived blights, droughts, plagues, piracy, invasions, and war with good humor and practicality. In 1E 2702, the entire population of the city was forced to move into the walled estate of the Gardners as protection against the pirates, Akaviri raiders, and Thrassian Plague. A less resourceful community would have withered, but the Wayresters have survived to enrich Tamriel generation after generation.
{CRISIS_MONGOLS_TITLE}	Kingdom of Wayrest
{CRISIS_SHARN_TITLE} Kingdom of Sharnhelm
{CRISIS_CAMPAIGN_SHARN_DESCR} King Rodore Lariat \n\n Shornhelm is known as the Crown City of the North. Shornhelm's founding is unknown, but the Shornhelm heights are known to have a long and storied history. The city's earliest mention dates back to the Battle of Glenumbria Moors in 1E 480, where the settlement was present in the conflict against the Alessian Order. An event that is often recounted in Rivenspire is the Charge of the Shornhelm Knights, which consisted of knights of House Montclair. Among the greatest monarchs to rule over Shornhelm, following the death of the Reman Dynasty, was King Hurlburt of House Branquette, who led the armies of Rivenspire at the Battle of Granden Tor in the mid-Second Era. Following an invasion from Durcorach in 2E 542, the Kings of High Rock came together to form the first Daggerfall Covenant, the Kingdom of Shornhelm was brought into the alliance. \n\n Emperor Uriel Septim IV of the Third Empire had a difficult reign due to his lineage, constantly at odds with the Elder Council. He was the son of Empress Katariah and the Breton noble, Gallivere Lariat. Both neither directly related to Tiber Septim. He was able to rule because of the previous Emperor, Cassynder Septim, who acknowledged him as family. But with his death, his son, Andorak Septim, naturally ascended to the throne, but the Elder Council had disinherited it from him, and his cousin, Cephorus Septim II became Emperor. But as Andorak retaliated with conflict, the Elder Council had granted the Kingdom of Shornhelm to Andorak Lariat, where his lineage ruled ever since. 
{CRISIS_EVER_TITLE} Kingdom of Evermore
{CRISIS_EVER_DESCR} King Tristynak Talemelier \n\n  Historically, the Bretons of Evermore ruled over the region of Bangkorai. They faced constant harassment from the Reachmen of the mountains, who claimed the city as their birthright. Southern Bangkorai included the Fallen Wastes region of Hammerfell, and Evermore's rulership of it was often contested by the Redguards of Sentinel. \n\n They descend from the tribe of River Horse bretons that arrived at Bjoulsae Eiver during the First Era. Local traditions include the worship of Saint Pelin, a hero of the First Era who once served as a clergyman at Bangkorai Garrison. Due to Bangkorai's strategic importance to the Breton homeland, it is sometimes called the "Shield of High Rock"\n\n Nowadays, the lands of Bagkorai became fragmented and the Fallen Wastes region was returned to Hammerfell. The city-state of Evermore is ruled by King Tristynak. The Kingdom has a rivalry with Sharnhelm and the Imperial City.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
{DRAKE_TITLE}		2E 542 - Black Drake
{DRAKE_DESCR}	Durcorach the Black Drake was a reachmen Emperor, who led an invasion against the Bretons of High Rock during the Interregnum. Nothing is known about Durcorach's early life. At one stage in his life, he became the chieftain of his tribe, and eventually the Emperor of Cyrodiil, beginning a decades long dynasty of Reachmen Emperors known as the Longhouse Emperors. He married Veraxia Tharn of the prominent Tharn family of Nibenay to bring himself closer to power and to legitimize his claim to the Ruby Throne. In 2E 541, Durcorach amassed an army and invaded High Rock. Camlorn and Evermor have already fallen. Durcorach is marching to seize Daggerfall, leaving besieged Wayrest behind....
{DRAKE_BYZANTIUM_TITLE}High Kingdom of Summerset Isles
{DRAKE_DENMARK_TITLE}Kingdom of Orsinium
{DRAKE_EGYPT_TITLE}Kingdom of Anequina
{DRAKE_TURKS_TITLE}Kingdom of Pelletine
{DRAKE_SICILY_TITLE}Great House Hlaalu
{DRAKE_POLAND_TITLE}Great House Redoran
{DRAKE_DRES_TITLE}Great House Dres
{DRAKE_MILAN_TITLE}Tribunal Temple
{DRAKE_RUSSIA_TITLE}Tribes of Black Marsh
{DRAKE_SCOTLAND_TITLE}Kingdom of Eastern Skyrim
{DRAKE_SKYRIM_TITLE}Kingdom of Western Skyrim
{DRAKE_SPAIN_TITLE}Clan of Crowned
{DRAKE_MOORS_TITLE}Clan of Forebears
{DRAKE_MONGOLS_TITLE}Kingdom of Wayrest 
{DRAKE_VENICE_TITLE}Kingdom of Daggerfall
{DRAKE_SHARN_TITLE}Kingdom of Sharnhelm
{DRAKE_EVER_TITLE}Kingdom of Evermore
{DRAKE_FRANCE_TITLE}Kingdom of Valenwood
{DRAKE_ENGLAND_TITLE}The Empire
{DRAKE_COLOVIA_TITLE}House Aquilarios of Colovia
{DRAKE_SAXONS_TITLE}Worm Cult
{DRAKE_REACH_TITLE}Clan of The Reach
{DRAKE_HUNGARY_TITLE}Great House Telvanni
{DRAKE_AZTECS_TITLE}Tribes of Ashlanders
{DRAKE_HRE_TITLE}Deadric Plane of Coldharbour
{DRAKE_PORTUGAL_DESCR} Great House Dagoth


{DRAKE_ENGLAND_DESCR}Emperor Durchorach Black Drake \n\n The Fall of Second Empire has lead to Interregnum, allowing all Tamriel provinces outside Cyrodiil to reassert their independence. Empty Ruby Throne has been claimed by many conquerors and pretenders, increasing the influence of Cyrodiil houses, most notably House Tharn of Nibenay and House Aquilarios of Colovia, as without their support nobody could possibly hold the throne. Recently, Durcorach "Black Drake" of the Longhouse dynasty, a powerful reachmen chieftain, managed to seize the power in Cyrodiil, through the conquest and marriage with Veraxia Tharn. Abnur Tharn, a leader of House Tharn has been a High Chancellor of Elder Council, and he he believes the reachmen to be unfit to rule. He is a powerful magician and an educated man, who have lived for at least a hundred years and is also author of various books, and have comissioned The Improved Emperor's Guide to Tamriel. Due to his long life, he has a very large family, with at least sixteen children across seven wives. Many of his children hold important positions in the Empire. Once Durcorach had consolidated his reign, he quickly begun to expand The Empire. Expansions has begun... In the south, mostly using the colovians, The Empire has been succesful against Valenwood, weakened by civil wars. And House Tharn has been preparing to exert their claims in northern Elsweyr... Simultaneously, Durcorach himself, with the support of reachmen tribes, launched a massive invasion against eastern Hammerfell, and mostly importantly High Rock. Afterwards defeating armies of Evermore, Wayrest, and Camlorn, he now stands before the gates of Daggerfall... However, these expansions have already stretched his armies thin, and being unpopular in Cyrodiil for being a reachmen, and a new threat may be rising in Colovia, as ambitious Varen Aquialarios has just became a count of Colovia...
{DRAKE_COLOVIA_DESCR}Count Varen Aquilarios \n\n House Aquilarios is a powerful house from Colovia, controling Kvatch and Chorrol. Despite participating in Durcorach's war against Valenwood and Elsweyr, partially for their own gain, the colovians are uncontentious with being ruled by the reachmen. However, as emperors of the Longhouse dynasty are too powerful right now, and as they also have support of Abnur Tharn, the colovians do not dare to challenge the throne openly. Should the reachmen try to enforce their ways upon the imperials, or should their power diminish throgh loosing support of House Tharn.... the colovians would rise up, perhaps led by their new ambitious leader, Varen Aquilarios.
{DRAKE_HRE_DESCR}Deadric God Molag Bal \n\n 
{DRAKE_SAXONS_DESCR} King of Worms Mannimarco \n\n The faction is lead by Mannimarco, who has originally been studying amongst Psijic Order, becoming one of the most powerful wizards in Tamriel. However, he chose the dark path of necromancy and trapped souls. Being confronted by another of the best students, Vanus Galerion, it resulted in his exile from Artaeum by the Order. Every since, Mannimarco has been gathering many dark followers across Tamriel, forming Order of Black Worm. And recently he has been rising to power in the Empire as an advisor, keeping ties to Abnur Tharn and Vanus Aquilarios, hiding his dark plans and pact with Molag Bal. Simultaneously, Vanus Galerion formed an opposing power to the Worm Cult, the Mages Guild, seeking to cleanse the magic of the necromancy and other dark elements.
{DRAKE_HUNGARY_DESCR}Archmagister Nelos Otheri \n\n After Morrowind's defeat in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Great House Telvanni usually mind their own business in the east, and dont participate in the disputes between other houses. However, similarily as House Dres, they also participate very actively in slavery business, and they also control Heimlyn keep. House Telvanni consists of many powerful mages, such as Divayth Fyr, who keeps close relations with Sotha-Sil. House Telvanni council consists of five powerful telvanni wizards who rules the House, formally led by Archmagister Nelos Otheri.
{DRAKE_BYZANTIUM_DESCR}High King Hidelith \n\n Since the Fall of Second Empire, Summerset Isles has been united under high kings of Alinor. High King Hidelith has ruled for decades, and his reign has been a great one, being a proper example of High Elven Ceremoniarchy, basing his decisions on precedents laid down by Scrolls of Praxis. He is believed to be a direct descendant of the Divines that created Nirn. His marriage with High Kinlady Tuinden has recently given him a daughter Ayreenn and son Naemon. Hidelith has been concerned about Empire's expansion into Valenwood, and he is offering to aid the bosmers. However, this may bring up conflicts within the altmers, as due to the recent plentiful years, some of them have started to consider other races inferior, most notably the newly formed so called Veiled Heritance party... The altmers should also watch out for the maormer, as their raids have been geting frequent...
{DRAKE_DENMARK_DESCR}Chieftain Bolazgar gro-Bagrakh \n\n Since the destruction of last Orsinium decades ago, by the bretons and redguards, the orsimer have been scattered around Wrothgar, and recently they have been pushed even further to the north by the reachmen serving The Empire, Winterborn clan, who is native to Wrothgar and now claims to rule Wrothgar. Orcs have too many powerful chieftains, unable to unite properly against the reachmen. The most prominent of them is chieftain Bolazgar gro-Bagrakh, who is relucantly supported by most of the orc clans. Bolazagr has been geting old and weak, thus young and strong warrior Kurog may wish to challenge him soon for the leadership of clan Bagrakh. Amongst other most prominent orsimer clans count Morkul, Fharrun, Shatul and Tumnosh, who all may will not bend to anyone easily...
{DRAKE_EGYPT_DESCR}Aran Hemakar \n\n Original 16 kingdoms of Elsweyr has turned into 2 kingdoms, following the devastating Thrassian plague, Kingdom of Anequina - the chieftain of the desserts in the north, and Kingdom Pelletine - the nobility of the cities in the south. Culture differences has caused many wars and conflicts. For a short time there was a peace, when Keirgo of Anequina married Eshita of Pelletine. However the peace didnt last long, especially after the fall of the old capital Ne Quin-al and the wars have erupted again. Finally, peace was brough by the mane Rid-Thar-ri'Datta, the spiritual leader of the khajiit. He revealed Riddle'Thar Epiphany in the Temple of Two-Moons Dance in Rawl'kha. Ever since, the power in Elsweyr has been shifting between Pelletine and Anequina, bound to the dance of the two moons - the different moon phases. The usually nonpartisan Mane itself has been overseeing the shifts of powers. Not all khajiits accepted this, and many of them were exiled. The Mane's heir would be selected from amongst the Lunar Champions. Currently, the mane is Akkhuz-ri. Anequina is led by King Hemakar and Queen Numara, who have offered Akaviri refuges from The Empire a safe place in Rimmen. Anequina is concerned about The Empire's expansions elsewhere, as it may soon invade Elsweyr as well...
{DRAKE_MILAN_DESCR}Mother-Goddess Almalexia  \n\n After Morrowind's defeats in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Prior to all that, in the first Era, Indoril Nerevar was the one to unite all morrowind houses. Neverthless, afterwards Dagoth Ur was thought to be exterminated in the battle of Red Mountain, Nerevar had died, and his 3 Indoril associates, Vivec, Sotha-Sil and Almalexia, succeeded to control Morrowind as The Tribunal. The Tribunal consolidated their power and succeeded in incorporating themselves into the Chimeri belief systen of ancestor and Daedra Worship, at the expense of House of Troubles. Nowadays, Vivec, Sotha-Sil and Almalexia are The Three Living Gods of Morrowind, who have performed many amazing deeds as the Dunmer's immortal protectors. House Indoril, led by Grandmaster Tanval Indoril, dutifully serves under The Tribunal and controls Davon's Watch and Necrom. Neverthless, not all of Morrowind follows The Tribunal, as the native Ashlanders tribes, who have never embraced the Tribunal, still controls large portions of the land, making the colonization of Vvardenfell difficult. And the "bad" daedra worship amongst the dunmers have still not been fully extinguished, as there are still many heretic groups, such as Maulborn Cult. The Three Mortal Gods have kept going on their annual pilgrimage to the Red Mountain to renew their powers, not realizing Dagoth Ur has been alive, and growing stronger. Sotha-Sil has been mostly occupied with his projects, such as Clockwork City, while Vivec leaves most of practical duties to Almalexia, thus she practically runs Morrowind in this time ...
{DRAKE_TIMURIDS_DESCR}Omin Dres\n\n After Morrowind's defeat in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Great House Dres has been focusing mainly on their slavery business, exporting many slaves into whole Morrowind, and enlarging their plantations, making them one of the wealthiest houses, despite minor defeats against House Hlaalu. Nowadays, Grandmaster Omin Dres rules from Kragenmor, and House Dres also has control of Ebonheart city, governed by dres councilor Drathus Othral on their behalf, and house Dres is not interested in gaining lands in Vvardenfell. Apart from that, they control their home lands around Thir and they also occupy large portions of Thornmarsh as part of their slavery business. Great House Dres has been very cruel towards the argonians, and dont bother themselves much with the laws enforced by the tribunal ordinators or other houses.
{DRAKE_RUSSIA_DESCR}Archcanon Heita-Meen \n\n Argonians have been divided amongst many tribes, being it impossible for anyone to unite them, but also to conquer them. Northern and eastern tribes have been regularly ravaged by dunmer slavers, and the south and west by former imperial officers turned warlords since the fall of Second Empire... Especially House Dres has caused a lot of suffering to the argonians, enslaving many argonians for their plantations and occupying a significant part of Thornmarsh. And Archeins collaborators have worked alongside dunmers to raze and capture argonians suitable for slavery. It is time for a new warrior or prophet to rise up, and push the slavers back...
{DRAKE_SCOTLAND_DESCR}High Queen Mabjaarn \n\n High Kings had ruled all of Skyrim, however after assassination of High King Logrolf te disputes about the next high king begun. The moot declared Freydis of Eastmarch a high queen, confirmed by being accepted by the Crown of Verity. Despite that, a partial moot in Solitude declared Svartr of Haafingar to be a high king as well. Ever since, Skyrim has been divided into two, with both kingdoms being hostile to each other. Amongst the holds loyal to Eastmarch count Winterhold, The Pale and The Rift, and they also have small settlements on Solstheim. Eventhough most of the pressure by the reachmen is focused on western Skyrim, there are many reachmen raids in the east as well. The East is currently led by High Queen Mabjaarn Flame-Hair, the wearer of Crown of Freydis. Her heir is competent young Jorunn, however his disputes with his brother, Fildgor Orcthane, may be a problem one day...
{DRAKE_SKYRIM_DESCR}High King Svargrim \n\n High Kings had ruled all of Skyrim, however after assassination of High King Logrolf the disputes about the next high king begun. The moot declared Freydis of Eastmarch a high queen, confirmed through being accepted by the Crown of Verity. Despite that, a partial moot in Solitude declared Svartr of Haafingar to be a high king as well. Ever since, Skyrim has been divided into two, with both kingdoms being hostile to each other. Amongst the holds loyal to Haafingar count Hjaalmarch, Whiterun, and Falkreath Hold. High Kings of Western Skyrim have had to defend against invasions and raids by the reachmen, who are now more powerful than ever. Markarth and surrounding lands have fallen to them, and they are being led by a powerful warrior called "Despot of Markarth".
{DRAKE_SPAIN_DESCR}Zizzeen, Crown Grandee of Antiphyllos \n\n Powerful Phyllocid dynasty had ruled as High Kings of majority of Hammerfell since the times of Second Empire, and throughout the Interregnum. The origins of Phylllocid dynasty can be traced into Antiphyllos. The capital of Hammerfell was in Hegathe. Reign of Ja-Fr Phyllocid ended in contempt by newly created Crowns and Forebears factions. Forebears settled mostly around Sentinel and Taneth, while Crowns around Hegathe and eastern Hammerfell. Ar-Azal Phyllocid became a new high king, and he managed to prevent a civil war between those new redguard factions by marrying both, Arlimahera, daughter of Crowns Grandee of Rihad, and Fereshtah, the daughter of Forebears Forebears Grandee of Sentinel. However, following high kings were less capable and the conflict between the Crowns and Forebears deepened, which was also fueled by moving the capital of Hammerfell to Sentinel, and the phyllocid dynasty becoming Forebears. Nowadays, Hammerfell is ruled by High king Ramzi the Distrait, who however is a high king only by a name, as most of the crowns, as well as some forebears dont obey him. His son Fahara'jad Phyllocid shall inherit the crown, however Zizzeen, Crown Grandee of Antiphyllos related to the dynasty, also claim the high kingship... The Crowns are based around Hegathe and eastern Hammerfall, not obeying High King Ramzi. Right now, they also have to deal with Empire's expansion in the east.
{DRAKE_MOORS_DESCR}High king Ramzi the Distrait \n\n Powerful Phyllocid dynasty had ruled as High Kings of majority of Hammerfell since the times of Second Empire, and throughout the Interregnum. The origins of Phylllocid dynasty can be traced into Antiphyllos. The capital of Hammerfell was in Hegathe. Reign of Ja-Fr Phyllocid ended in contempt by newly created Crowns and Forebears factions. Forebears settled mostly around Sentinel and Taneth, while Crowns around Hegathe and eastern Hammerfell. Ar-Azal Phyllocid became a new high king, and he managed to prevent a civil war between those new redguard factions by marrying both, Arlimahera, daughter of Crowns Grandee of Rihad, and Fereshtah, the daughter of Forebears Grandee of Sentinel. However, following high kings were less capable and the conflict between the Crowns and Forebears deepened, which was also fueled by moving the capital of Hammerfell to Sentinel, and the phyllocid dynasty becoming more like Forebears. Nowadays, Hammerfell is ruled by High king Ramzi the Distrait, who however is a high king only by a name, as most of the crowns, as well as some forebears dont obey him. His son Fahara'jad Phyllocid shall inherit the crown, however Zizzeen, Crown Grandee of Antiphyllos and relative to the dynasty, also claim the high kingship...A legend says that during those years when Fahara'jad was still only a prince in Antiphyllos, Onsi himself has descended from the heavens to save the prince from a vengeful hagraven, so he could survive to lead his people during the upcoming "Years of Peril"... The Forebears loyal to Ramzi control northern Hammerfell, however they have to defend against the expanding empire as well. There is also a danger in their court, as one of the most prominent advisors is Suturah, a secret leader of necromantic Withered Hand, plotting to overthrow the the redguard kings... Forebears also rule over Ash'abah tribes in Alikr desert, who are considered "impure", due to their habits regarding redguard dead ancestors, by both Crowns and Forebears.
{DRAKE_VENICE_DESCR}Bergamot Deleyn\n\n Daggerfall in Glenumbra, ruled by House Deleyn, has always been one of the most powerful breton kingdoms. However, their stregth is now going to be tested, as High Rock is being invaded by by the Empire... eastern breton kingdoms were defeated in battles, and soon a battle shall take place before the gates of Daggerfall. If Bergamot Deleyn, king of Glenumbra, doesnt manage to bring remaining breton armies to aid him, Glenumbra is certain to fall...
{DRAKE_MONGOLS_DESCR} King Gerard Gardner  \n\n Wayrest has been ruled by kings of Gardner dynasty for decades. With the opening of newly found golden mines, Stormhaven is richer than ever. However, the power of the dynasty falls to lesser houses, and house Cumberland rises to prominence, lead by energetic young merchant prince Emeric Cumberland. However, a sudden massive imperial and reachmen invasion crushed the divided breton kingdoms and their armies one by one.... Evermore and Camlorn fell, Wayrest is besieged, and Daggerfall shall be the next... Unless the bretons join up their armies, Durcorach will be victorious...
{DRAKE_SHARN_DESCR} King Hurlburt Branquette  \n\n Rivenspire has always been troubled by rivalries of House Tamrith, Montclair and Dorell. Fortunately, due to competent rulers of Branquette dynasty, it has been united for some time. The king Hurlburt Branquette resides in Sharnhelm, the crown city of the north. But the future might jeopardize this prosperous unity, as it is not clear, whether the heir should be older ambitous keen Ranser, the king's bastard, born to "poor Tamrith cousin", hence having the support of House Tamrith of Eyebright Feld, or whether it should be younger legitimate peaceful Phylegon, supported by House Mounclair of Westmark Moor, while House Dorell of Northpoint refuses to support either candidate. Neverthless, there are more pressing matters right now, as The Empire has laid claim to High Rock, and majority of the breton kingdoms has already fallen. The Knights of Rivesnpire gathered and are ready to march out, but they also need to protect their eastern borders, as the reachmen tribes serving Emperor Durcorach are at Rivenspire's doorsteps...
{DRAKE_EVER_DESCR} King Blaise Guimard  \n\n The Bretons of Evermore has ruled over the region Bangkorai, although they have faced a constant harassment by the reachmen tribes in the east. Recently, their realm have also included Fallen Wastes in northern Hammerfell, and Evermore's rulership is often being contested by the redguards of Sentinel. However, a sudden massive imperial and reachmen invasion crushed the divided breton kingdoms and their armies one by one.... Evermore has been hit especially hard, all of its lands being conquered by the Empire. Many important nobles fell in the fight, most notably king of Evermore Heseph Moile, ending the reign of House Moile, which has ruled Bangkorai for generations. Fortunately, once the majority of imperial forces continued west to conquer the remaining breton kingoms, it allowed scattered remaining bangkorai armies to gather once again. Led by Duke Blaise Guimard, leader of the most powerful house of Bankorai, who now aspires to be a king, and by knights of Sain Pelin, they have just retaken Evemore, but the rest of Bangkorai is still held by the enemy...
{DRAKE_FRANCE_DESCR} King Aeradan Camoran \n\n When the second Empire fell, The Camorans relatively unsuccesfully attempted to restablish their full reign over Valenwood, as the territories had drifted too far apart culturally to be united easily. King Aeradan Camoran ascended to the throne in his home city Elden Root, claiming kingship of the whole Valenwood. Aeradan sought to renew his domain through the progressions from the ancient bosmeri traditions, but in doing so he garnered many critics that said he was too lenient in regards to the Green Pact. Amongst the critics is the most prominent Gelthior Camoran of Cormount. He and his followers have formed a Blacksap Rebellion, which may be a start to a religious civil war. Aeradan controls mostly inner Valenwood, and nevethless the dispute, he still has support of The Silvenar and Wilderking. But the Empire, mostly consisiting of colovians, have been trying to expand into Valenwood. Aeradan's bosmers alone cant repel them. And there are many clans of wood orcs in the inner Valenwood, who answer to no one. The only hope seems to be an alliance with the altmers...
{DRAKE_AZTECS_DESCR} Unlike the other dunmers, the ashlanders have never acknowledged the Tribunal, and still follow the old ways of ancestor-worshipping culture, living as nomadic tribes, especially in Vvardenfell, but also less so in Morrowind mainland. They have been despised by the great houses and Tribunal, and they have steadily been forced into the poorest and most hostile lands. Most of their lands currenly is in Vvardenfell, where one of their most holy places is Ald'ruhn, upom the grave of Skar. Tribes are led by ashkhans and gulakhans, who attends mainly to military matters, while lot of decision power is held by their religious figures, most importantly Wise Women and Farseeers.
{DRAKE_SICILY_DESCR}Grandmaster Ralden Hlaalu\n\n  After Morrowind's defeats in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Nowadays, Great House Hlaalu has been of the weaker of the great houses, residing mostly around their capital in Narsis, and having close to none significant holdings in Vvardenfell, which has been being colonized. There have been several disputes and small wars with Great House Dres, however Hlaalu soldiers have proven themselves superior to the Dres slavers. Samely as all other houses, they enslave many argonians to serve them...
{DRAKE_TURKS_DESCR} Aran Jriska\n\n Original 16 kingdoms of Elsweyr has turned into 2 kingdoms following the devastating Thrassian plague, Kingdom of Anequina - the chieftain of the desserts in the north, and Kingdom Pelletine - the nobility of the cities in the south. Culture differences has caused many wars and conflicts. For a short time there was a peace, when Keirgo of Anequina married Eshita of Pelletine. However the peace didnt last long, especially after the fall of the old capital Ne Quin-al and the wars have erupted again. Finally, peace was brough by the mane Rid-Thar-ri'Datta, the spiritual leader of the khajiit. He revealed Riddle'Thar Epiphany in the Temple of Two-Moons Dance in Rawl'kha. Ever since, the power in Elsweyr has been shifted between Pelletine and Anequina, bound to the dance of the two moons, their different phases. The usually nonpartisan Mane itself has been overseeing the shifts of powers. Not all khajiits accepted this, and many of them were exiled. The Mane's heir would be selected from amongst the Lunar Champions. Currently, the mane is Akkhuz-ri. The Pelltine have problems of their own, as capital Senchal is still being occupied by the imperials...
{DRAKE_POLAND_DESCR} Grandmaster Meriath \n\n  After Morrowind's defeat in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Great House Redoran has had a strong military culture, due to gaving to often fight nordic raiders from the west. Under Grandmaster Meriath, they dutifully serve The Tribunal, resulting in members of House Redoran controlling several important military offices amongst many morrowind orders and instituions, such as Buyont Armigers or in Tal'Deic Fortress, and also resuting in House Redoran gaining many new lands in Vvardenfell, such as large portions of lands in Ascadian Isles, Bitter Coast and West Gash. In Vvardenfell they often have to deal with the ashlander tribes, who consider many of the colonized lands to be their sacred holy lands for their rituals...
{DRAKE_PORTUGAL_DESCR} Lord Dagoth-Ur \n\n After Morrowind's defeats in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Prior to all that, in the first Era, Indoril Nerevar was the one to unite all morrowind houses. Neverthless, afterwards Dagoth Ur was thought to be exterminated in the battle of Red Mountain, Nerevar had died, and his 3 Indoril associates, Vivec, Sotha-Sil and Almalexia, succeeded to control Morrowind as The Tribunal. The Tribunal consolidated their power and succeeded in incorporating themselves into the Chiemri belief systen of ancestor and Daedra Worship, at the expense of House of Troubles. Nowadays, Vivec, Sotha-Sil and Almalexia are The Three Living Gods of Morrowind, who have performed many amazing deeds as the Dunmer's immortal protectors. The Three Mortal Gods have keep going on their annual pilgrimage to the Red Mountain to renew their powers, not realizing Dagoth Ur has been alive, and growing stronger. Perhaps its time for House Dagoth to reveal itself, and bring vengeance to the Tribunal, for their treachery in the First Era...
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
{BANNERS_TITLE}		2E 582 - Three Banners War (Hardcore)
{BANNERS_DESCR}Scenerio features: Highly developed starting settlements - Large starting armies - Global starting wars (Alliance War) - Several experienced starting generals (hundreds of characters from ESO) - Extensive family trees - Hardcore events (Planemeld, numerous alliance events,..) \n\n The Five Companions were able to retrieve the Amulet of Kings and begin the ritual to light dragonfires in the year 2E 578. The Five gathered at the Temple of the One in the Imperial City, and began to perform the ritual. At that moment, Mannimarco immobilized everyone present and revealed his true intentions: he was an agent of Molag Bal, and the ritual did not reignite the Dragonfires, but in fact did the exact opposite, weakening the ancient barriers between Nirn and Oblivion in an event known as the Soulburst.
This event allowed Molag Bal to initiate the Planemeld. As the Soulburst occurred, aftershocks were swept across every corner of Nirn. Mages died or went mad, Red Mountain trembled in Morrowind, earthquakes shook Skyrim and heavy storms devastated the coastlines of Elsweyr and Valenwood. The constellation of the Serpent grew so large that it seemed to threaten every star sign at once. And dark anchors of Molag has spawned at many places, bring death, enslavement of mortals and despair...
After the Soulburst, Varen Aquilarios mysteriously went missing. Lyris Titanborn was captured by Mannimarco to be sacrificed, Abnur Tharn simply fled from the city altogether and Sai Sahan fled with the amulet, and hid it in the depths of Sancre Tor.
Afterwards, the Tharn family, who were now the new rulers of Cyrodiil through the new Empress Regent Clivia Tharn, made a secret pact with Mannimarco who had agreed to strengthen the Imperial armies of Cyrodiil by resurrecting their soldiers. Abnur, Clivia's father, had grown a deep hatred for Mannimarco after the Soulburst, and he was soon captured, brought to the Castle of the Worm in Coldharbour and imprisoned there...
{BANNERS_BYZANTIUM_TITLE}High Kingdom of Summerset Isles
{BANNERS_ALTMER_TITLE}Veiled Heritance
{BANNERS_DENMARK_TITLE}Kingdom of Orsinium
{BANNERS_EGYPT_TITLE}Kingdom of Anequina
{BANNERS_TURKS_TITLE}Kingdom of Pelletine
{BANNERS_SICILY_TITLE}Great House Hlaalu
{BANNERS_POLAND_TITLE}Great House Redoran
{BANNERS_DRES_TITLE}Great House Dres
{BANNERS_MILAN_TITLE}Tribunal Temple
{BANNERS_RUSSIA_TITLE}Tribes of Black Marsh
{BANNERS_SCOTLAND_TITLE}Kingdom of Eastern Skyrim
{BANNERS_SKYRIM_TITLE}Kingdom of Western Skyrim
{BANNERS_SPAIN_TITLE}Clan of Crowned
{BANNERS_MOORS_TITLE}Clan of Forebears
{BANNERS_MONGOLS_TITLE}Kingdom of Wayrest 
{BANNERS_VENICE_TITLE}Kingdom of Daggerfall
{BANNERS_SHARN_TITLE}Kingdom of Sharnhelm
{BANNERS_EVER_TITLE}Kingdom of Evermore
{BANNERS_FRANCE_TITLE}Kingdom of Valenwood
{BANNERS_ENGLAND_TITLE}The Empire
{BANNERS_COLOVIA_TITLE}Volovian Estates
{BANNERS_SAXONS_TITLE}Worm Cult
{BANNERS_REACH_TITLE}Clan of The Reach
{BANNERS_HUNGARY_TITLE}Great House Telvanni
{BANNERS_AZTECS_TITLE}Tribes of Ashlanders
{BANNERS_HRE_TITLE}Deadric Plane of Coldharbour
{BANNERS_PORTUGAL_DESCR} Great House Dagoth


{BANNERS_ENGLAND_DESCR}Empress Regent Clivia Tharn \n\n Following Durcorach's demise and death in High Rock by the joint forces of bretons before the gates of Daggerfall, The Longhouse Dynasty continued to rule The Empire. His descendants followed his footsteps, first Moricar the Middling, then Leovic, however their conquests were not that successful. Apart from High Rock, they suffered defeats in Western Skyrim as well as in Valenwood, although they have been successful in attempt to annexing northern Elsweyr. At the height of the Elsweyr invasion the colovians managed to push as far as Orcrest and Riverhold, later being pushed back slightly. In the following years the Empire continued to push, especially through House Tharn. House Tharn has become even more powerful, as Leovic took Clivia Tharn by force as his wife, eventhough it infuriated her father Abnur Tharn, who has been High Chancellor to the both previous longhouse emperors. During the Frostfall Coup in Rimmen, king Hemakar and queen Numara of Anequina were assassinated and thus Euraxia Tharn became queen of Rimmen, and the Empire renewed their invasion against Elsweyr weakened by loosing their leaders and also by Khanatan Flu, which hit the khajiit especially hard. Neverthless, later in Cyrodiil, emperor Leovic's reign was initially only marked by his peculiar behaviour, further alienating Cyrodiil population, until he crossed the line when he attempted to legalize Deadra worship across The Empire and thus, a bloody rebellion led by Varen Aqularios has begun. Varen has based his rebellion at Bruma, quickly geting supporters not just from Colovia. High Chancellor Abnur Tharn was eager to join his side as well. In the following two years, many battles have been fought across Cyrodiil, until Varen's army finally conquered Imperial City. Once Varen breached White-Gold Tower, and drove his sword into Leovic's heart at the foot of Ruby Throne. Thus, Varen became an emperor. For the support of House Tharn, Varen married Levic's widow, Clivia Tharn. However, the casaultaties were great, and market district was turned into a mass grave... Varen's reign was stable, however he considered himself an illegetimate ruler, as he wasnt a dragonborn. Thus he created Five Companions, which included Mannimarco, to search for Amulet of Kings, as Mannimarco claimed that if they find the amulet of kings, he could turn Varen a dragonborn in a ritual that he would perform, and he would be able to light the dragonfires. Unfortunately, that was a plot created by Mannimarco and Molag Bal. The Ritual resulted in Varen's disappearance and Molag Bal starting his Planemeld, a forceful attempt to drag Nirn out of Mundus into his own realm, Coldharbour. An Immense suffering and death has been brought to Tamriel, as the daedra had been coming to all parts of Tamriel to kill and enslave. Other members of the Five compansions disappeared, and Cliva Tharn became Empress Regent. She fell under the thrall of Mannimarco, and the legions were enpowered by the necromancers. This has resulted in the collapse of Empire, and other nations of Tamriel uniting to invade Cyrodiil, to possibly stop Planemeld, and mainly to seize the empty Ruby Throne for themselves. But The Empire doesnt fall that easily, and still managed to launch counter offensives, such as the continued pressure in Elsweyr or The Seventh Legion in Bangkorai.
{BANNERS_COLOVIA_DESCR}Count Carolus Aquilarios \n\n During the rebellion against the Longhouse emperors, Colovia was in grave danger, as most of forces marched east to war. Thus, it was left to Carolus Aquilarios, Varen's nephew, to defend Colovia against the enemies from Gold Coast led by Imperial Prefect Ephrem Benirus, who remained loyal to the emperor. Many battles have been fought, and the so called Varen's Wall was built to defend the Colovia. After the war Carolus Aquilarios served as Count of Kvatch, and following Varen's disappearance a de facto leader of House Aquilarios. When the Soulburst happen and The Three Alliances invaded Cyrodiil, Colovia led by Carolus didnt support The Empress Regent, and remained neutral in the war. However, some time prior to that Anvil, weakened by the war with Colovia, fell to the redguard pirates led by Fortunata ap Dugal, who proclamed herself a governor of Anvil. Thus, a new war with Anvil might be under way.
{BANNERS_HRE_DESCR}Deadric God Molag Bal \n\n 
{BANNERS_SAXONS_DESCR} King of Worms Mannimarco \n\n 
{BANNERS_HUNGARY_DESCR} Archmagister Nelos Otheri \n\n  After Morrowind's defeat in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Great House Telvanni usually mind their own business in the east, and dont participate in the disputes between other houses. However, similarily as House Dres, they also participated very actively in slavery business, and they also control Heimlyn keep. House Telvanni consists of many powerful mages, such as Divayth Fyr, who keeps close relations with Sotha-Sil. They participated in the war against akaviri as everyone else, but afterwards they didnt become part of Ebonheart Pact, as they rejected to abandon slavery, and be an equal to the dunmers and argonians. Thus they are not part of the Alliance War, but they struggle with Planemeld as everyone else. House Telvanni council consists of five powerful telvanni wizards who rules the House, formally led by Archmagister Nelos Otheri.
{BANNERS_BYZANTIUM_DESCR}High Queen Ayrenn \n\n During the great reign of High King Hidelith, his daughter Ayrenn was meant to inherit the throne. However, by the end of her youth, amid many signs and portents, she disappeared for nearly 10 years, and in the meantime her younger brother Naemon was named an heir, and had been studying Royal Ceremoniarchy, and was also matriculated into Sapiarch's Labyrinth. When High King Hidelith passed, two years before the Alliance War, Naemon was preparing his coronations liturgy to enable himself to inherit the throne. Neverthless, to everyone's surprise, princess Ayrenn had returned and claimed her birthright, and succeeded, known as "The Unforeseen Queen" ever since. Having travelled Tamriel extensively during her time away, she was aware of the dire threats menacing the world and saw it as a proper duty of the elves to put things right. Prince Naemon accepted the result and has been assisting Ayrenn with her rule. Later, he married High Kinlady Estre Errinorne, cannnoreeve of Skywatch, who has also been a secret leader of Veiled Heritance, a radical altmer party believing in altmer's superiority over other races. High Queen Ayrenn continued in her father's work. She followed her father's footsteps and furthered altmer help to the Camorans in Valenwood, who were in a very bad situation due to the civil war and imperial-colovian invasion from the north. Together, they drove out the imperials and ended the civil war, and helped Aearadan Camoran rule all of Valenwood, eventhough some of the ruthless altmer generals actions towards the bosmeri rebels had been been controversial. During the Khanatan Flu, which had been immensely bad in Elsweyr, the altmers sent their healers to Elsweyr, which helped khajiits handle the disease significantly. And thus, when the Planemeld begun, and the other alliances were formed, the altmers, bosmers and khajiits responded by signing Elden Accord in Elden Root as equals, forming the First Aldmeri Dominion, and entering the Alliance War. The Dominion's goal was to usher a new age of elven and khajiit rule across Tamriel to protect its lands from the careless actions of the younger and less wiser races. Nowadays, Ayrenn is preparing for her ratification ceremony in Elden Root's Orrery, to provide a validity for her leadership of Dominion. She appointed her cousin Alwinarwe "Proxy Queen" to handle affairs in Summerset Isle during the war. Ayrenn also have at her disposal several very loyal companions, such as battlereeve Urcelmo or Razum-dar, who is a member of Eyes of the Queen, the Dominon's secret intelligence network. Neverthless, the anger amongst the radical altmers have been growing, and culminated with these events. Thus the Veiled Heritance started a rebellion against Ayrenn, hoping to replace her with Estre through her marriage to Naemon. After an attempt to assassinate Ayrenn in Vulkhel port in Auridon, and Estre being revealed as the Heritance's leader, Ayrenn has ordered Estre's death, putting her brother's loyalty at risk. Ayrenn also has to deal with the maormeri, who came per Heritance's invitation, and have sacked several important coastal settlements...
{BANNERS_ALTMER_DESCR}High Kinlady Estre Erinnorne \n\n High Kinlady Erinnorne had been a secret leader of the Veiled Heritance radical party for some time already, when Ayrenn became queen. Being it a public knowledge that Estre was bitter that she lost the throne to Ayrenn, Ayrenn wanted to grant her a higher position in Thalmor, the government of Dominion. However, when the Dominion was formed, the Heritance soon revolted, as they were vehemently against Ayrenn and her alliance with bosmers and khajiits. The Heritance enjoyed a widespread support amongst the altmers, especially by war veterans and the youth. Many powerful figures stand behind them, especially Vicereeve Pelidil, an advisor to prince Naemon, and General Endare the "Butcher", who leads Jade Dragons and was responsible for the massacre against rebellious bosmers in Cormount, which has caused many bosmers' hatred towards the altmers till this day. However, the Heritance suffered several initial defeats and failures, due to Ayrenn's capable battlereeves and Eyes of The Queen. As Estre is growing desperate, she has been willing to negotiate any alliance to help her cause, such as a pact with the high command of maormer Sea Vipers, who promised to name her viceroy of Summerset Isles under maormer suzzerainty, if she assisted them in taking it, while she intented to betray the maormer eventually. Neverthless, the maormer already invaded Summerset Isle, and seized Sunhold and Sea Keep. Estre also considers making a pact with with Merhunes Dagon, to get the the help of daedra...
{BANNERS_DENMARK_DESCR}King Kurog gro-Bagrakh \n\n After Durcorach's defeat in High Rock by the bretons, the orsimer have been slowly regaining Wrothgar from Winterborn clan. Young warrior Kurog of clan Bagkrakh was ambitious and unsatisfied with his life, thus he seeked adventures elsewhere and joined mercenary companies with his companions, mainly his friend Bazrag "The Butcher" gro-Fharrun. Together they travelled into many parts of Tamriel and on his way Kurog also met Emeric Cumberland, and they became friends. When he returned to his clan, Chief Bolazgar gro-Bagrakh had already been waiting for him with his guards. Kurog publicly challenged Bolazgar and decapitated him in a combat, and thus he became chieftain Kurog gro-Bagrakh. With the help of his mother Alga, who became Grand-Forge Mother, he has spent several years consolidating his powers and forming alliances with other clans. He took several wives from various clans simultaneousl to strenghten his realm, such as Hunt-Wife Noroga of Clan Shatul and Forge-Wife Tugha, apart from many other wives. He first attempted to rebuild Yashnag gro-Yazgu stronghold near Falkreath to rival the wealthiness of Wayrest city, but the nords and reachmen made it impossible. When the Ranser's War happened, Emeric sent emissaries to Kurog to ask for military aid. Kurog accepted only after a numerous demands towards The Covenant, which included granting Kurog de iure rulership of whole Wrothgar, to support construction of new Orsinium, and being an equal partner in The Covenant, apart of many other things. Thus, nowadays the orsimer warriors are fighting in the Alliance War as well. The Reachmen, who have previously claimed all of Wrothgar, are being pushed back to Frostbreak Fortress, where the last warriors of Winterborn clan resist the orsimer siege. Meanwhile in Wrothgar Kurog gro-Orsinium grows frustrated by the constant conflicts bewteen the chiefains, and is attempting to orchestrate a crisis between Trinimac and Malacath cults, to eliminate several chiefs, and most importantly his main rival Bazrag gro-Fharrun, who used to be his friend... 
{BANNERS_EGYPT_DESCR}Mane Akkhuz-ri \n\n Khanatan Flu ravaged the Elsweyr hard, similarily as Thrassian plague hundreds years before. The situation had ben desperate until the altmers sent their healers and supplies, due to which the flu could have been finally contained. Many were suspicious of altmer help, as they didnt expect it to be for free. The Empire used this opportunity to renew their attacks, and they managed to push as far as Riverhold and Orcrest, slowly being pushed back afterwards, leaving Orcrest in ruins. When most of the lost lands were retaken, Euraxia Tharn orchestrated a Frostfall Coup in Rimmen, during which anequina king Hemakar and queen Numara were assassinated, and Euraxia became a queen of Rimmen. Later, they joined the Dominion along with altmers and khajiits, for the help the altmers provided during the Khanatan Flu. The Elden Accord was signed by lord Gharesh-ri, the Speaker of The Mane. Several khajiits are part of Thalmor government as well, with lord Gharesh-hi holding the highest position from amongst all the khajiits. And thus, along with their altmer and bosmer allies, the khajiits participate in the Alliance War. As the war has erupted again, the imperials led by Javad Tharn, son of Euraxia Tharn, renewed their attacks against Reaper's March and northern Elsweyr as whole. Javad Tharn allied himself with daedric Stonefire Cult, who were able to summon Dro-m'Athra, a kind of corruped khajiits who lost their souls to daedric princes. Fortunately, a royal lineage of Anequina may be restored, as one of Gharesh-ri agents, Khamira, is rumoured to be a daughter of deceased King Hemakar...
{BANNERS_MILAN_DESCR}Mother-Goddess Almalexia  \n\n Once the akaviri sacked Windhelm and headed for Morrowind, Alalexia quickly gathered all dunmer troops and marched out to meet them. Combined with nordic troops, who uprecedently followed the akaviri, they encircled the akaviri troops, but only after Heita-Meen's argonians arrived, the victory was possible, and thus, the invaders were driven into the sea. This led to a formation of Ebonheart Pact, a fragile alliance, which was possible only due to the goddess Almalexia convincing the dunmers. However, she hadnt managed to convince Great House Telvanni, who rejected to be a part of such an alliance, and to free their argonian slaves. Apart from the dunmers, The Pact also includes Eastern Skyrim and northern argonian tribes. The Pact forces are participating in The Alliance War in Cyrodiil. The Capital of the Pact is in Mournhold, and the dunmers hold a significant power in it, as they are the strongest faction. The Great Moot is lead by High King Jorunn the Skald-King, as well the three living mortal gods of Morrowind. As Sotha-Sil has been mostly occupied with his projects in Clockwork City, and lord Vivec suffering an unexplained drain of his divine power in Vivec City, Almalexia is mostly ruling the dunmers and the houses on her own. Important part of the Pact are the Hidden Armigers, a secret intelligence network, whose agents answer to Jorunn the Skald-King, while the armies of the pact are clashing for the Ruby Throne in Cyrodiil, however there are important matters that dunmers need to sort in their homeland. In Vvardenfel, Vivec's loss of power needs to be investigated, while the ashlanders tribes in both Vvardenfell and the mainland are causing more and more troubles, some of them raiding dunmer holdings, who were left unprotected due to most dunmer troops being away. Simultenousely, The Covenant has sent their strong navy to raid Stonefalls, while the daedric dunmer cults such as Maulborn, led by Magistrix Vox, experience a rise in popularity, due to the many dunmers being unhappy with the Pact's formation. And dangerous Llodos plague has been spreading in Deshaan...
{BANNERS_TIMURIDS_DESCR}Grandmaster Omin Dres\n\n After Morrowind's defeat in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Great House Dres has been focusing mainly on their slavery business, exporting many slaves into whole Morrowind, and enlarging their plantations, making them one of the wealthiest houses, despite minor defeats against House Hlaalu. Nowadays, Grandmaster Omin Dres rules from Kragenmor, and House Dres also has control of Ebonheart city, governed by dres councilor Drathus Othral on their behalf, and house Dres is not interested in gaining lands in Vvardenfell. Apart from that, they control their home lands around Thir. Great House Dres has been very cruel towards the argonians, and doesnt bother themselves much with the laws enforced by the tribunal ordinators or other houses. Thus, they had many objections towards Pact's formation, and they still havent fully embraced all the new laws. Afterwards their participation in the war against the akaviri and formation of the Pact, their warriors fight in Cyrodiil as part of the Alliance War. As they lost their main income due to argonian slavery being abolished, as well as loosing their holdings in Thornmarsh, they attempt to bring khajiit slaves to serve instead of the argonians. Dres holding in Ebonheart is threatened by the covenant raiders led by General Serien, and Drathus Othral needs to work with both argonians and nords to repel them...
{BANNERS_RUSSIA_DESCR}Archcanon Heita-Meen \n\n  Heita-Meen was enslaved by House Dres, owned by councilman Glathis Dres, who was known for his cruelty. Heita-Meen managed to escape with several of her fellow slaves, but was later caught in Thornmarsh by the argonians of Archein Tribe, who had collaborated with the dunmer slavers. During her captivity, she received a vision from the Hist, who wanted her to help dunmers and nords in a battle, as a way to bring freedom to the argonians. Most of dunmer forces were away to face the akaviri, so when she was brought back to Glathis Dres, she strangled him with his own whip, and then she challenged the centurion of Archein tribe by right-of-combat. She won the combat, and with the archeins under her command, she marched back to Shadowfen, to gather more troops. With help of Walks-in-Ash, she got Stormhold's Shellbacks to join, and marched to Stonefalls with all her troops , where they were instrumental in defeating the akaviri. The allied forces of argonians, dunmers and Eastern Skyrim nords signed Ebonheart Pact, which also freed all argonians enslaved by the dunmers, despite a huge opposition from House Dres and especially house Telvanni. Guided by Hist, Heita-Meen's visions had allowed argonians to preserve their culture and reclaim their land under the Pact. She was named vicecanon of Stormhold, sharing there power also with nord vicecanon Hrondar and dnumer vicenanon Servyna. Heita-Meen also serves as archcanon of Shadowfen, and she managed to convince argonians of Thornmarsh and Gideon to join the Pact as well, while the rest of Black Marsh is not part of it, and neither they participate in the Alliance War. Several argonians hold important officies in the Pact, such as Eyes-of-Steel representing the argonians in the Great Moot in Mournhold. Recently, an argonian Sees-All-Colors became a guildmaster of Fighters Guild. Neverthless, Blackmarsh needs to face Dominion invasion, whose army sailed throuh the rivers to Shadowfen. Altmer alchemist Ruuvitar is hoping to disrupt argonians' connection to the Hist, which would cripple their participation in The Alliance War...
{BANNERS_SCOTLAND_DESCR}High King Jorunn Skald-King\n\n High Queen Maabjarn Flame-Hair's heir was supposed to be her oldest child, princess Nurnhilde, thus both twins, Jorunn and younger Fildgor, believed Nurnhilde would be the next high queen, thus, they had attended matters elsewhere. Jorunn became a singer and did quite of studying in Skald's retreat in Riften and travelling across Tamriel, not interested in politics. Whereas his brother Fildgor travelled to Western Skyrim and became leader of Stormfist Clan. Thus, when The Akaviri invasion led by Ada'Soom Dir-Kamal happened, they hadnt been in Eastmarch. During the siege of Windhelm, which lasted for about a month, large portions of Windhelm had been destroyed and High Queen Maabjarn was slained, for a short time being replaced by Nurnhilde. But when the city fell, Nurrnhilde was killed as well. In the meantime, Jorunn, who was in Riften in time, started to gather armies from other holds to save Windhelm, but also had to clash with Fildgor Orcthane, who came to reinformence Windhelm, proclaiming himself the high king upon finding it already fell. Jorunn and Fildgor fought in a combat, Fildgor lost and was exiled. Jorunn seeked help of Greybeards of High Hrothgar, to save the kingdom. They learned him a shout to summon a fallen hero from Sovngarde, Wulfarth The Ash-King, eventhough other sources claim it was Almalexia who summoned the Ash-King. Neverthless, Jorunn, now called the "Skald-King" as a comparisson to Wulfarth, fortified The Rift, with help of Wulfarth. However, The Akaviri instead rather bypassed The Rift and continued to Morrowind, aiming to sack Mournhold, expecting that the nords would be glad to see them leave. Instead, for the first time since the battle of Red Mountain a nord army entered Morowind, and they followed the akaviri. A show of unprecedented cooperation between races with a great deal of historical enmity, the nords led by Jorunn and Wulfarth and dunmers led by Almalexia, worked together to encircle Ada'Soom Dir-Kamal's forces in Stonefalls. It was a clouse fought engagement until the surprise arrival of Argonian reinformences of Shellbacks phalanx led by Heita-Meen, who helped to drive the invaders back to the sea. The resulting alliance was ratified with treaties signed in Ebonheart, thus the alliance later being called the Ebonheart Pact. The Ebonheart treaty included a manumission of the argonians enslaved by dunmers for their crucial intervention. The Pact struggled to reconcile the desires of such distinct faction, but when Planemeld broke out, the Pact stood together and participated in The Alliance War, thus they have invaded Cyrodiil. Jorunn often presides over the Great Moot in Mournhold, the Pact's capital, letting his son prince Irnskar handle matters in Eastmarch. However he may quickly need to return to Skyrim, as the rumours say that his twin brother Fildgor Orcthane, possibly supported by The Covenant, is gathering his clan to claim the crown, while several reachmen clans allied with the Worm Cult, and are raiding The Rift...
{BANNERS_SKYRIM_DESCR}High King Svartr \n\n Skyrim continues to be divided in two, the west and east. High King Svartr has been defending against the increasing reachmen pressure from Markarth, creating a new hold Karthald, with its capital in Karthwatch, to serve as defensive border against their raids. Later, Svartr was replaced with his son Svargrim, who has followed his father footsteps. For some time, Fildgor Orcthane resided in Western Skyrim and became a member of Clan Stormfist, which he later ruled. When the Akaviri invasion happened, Fildgor returned to Eastern Skyrim to fight them, while Western Skyrim was spared of the war. Following Akaviri's defeat, and the formation of Ebonheart Pact, Svargrim became very paranoid the Pact's agents, and feared Jorunn the Skald-King, the new king of Eastern Skyrim. It is rumoured Fildgor Orcthane, who was exiled from Eastern Skyrim, resided either in Western Skyrim or Daggerfall Covenant for some time. Neverthless, nowadays Svagrim is an old paranoid man, who is willing to work even with the Gray Host, and whose only heir princess Svana spends most of her days drunk, while Falkreath has just fallen to the reachmen, who have renewed their attacks. Western Skyrim doesnt participate in the Alliance War, but they are affected by the Planemeld samely as everyone else...
{BANNERS_SPAIN_DESCR}King Satameh al-Hegathe \n\n After the defeat of Crowns Grandee Zizzeen in his campaign for the high kingship of Hammerfall against Fahara'jad, his power diminshed, and several of Crowns swore allegiance to Fahra'jad. Zizzeen's desendants now rule from Hegathe and control the surrounding land, and they never swore allegiance to Fahara'jad. Thus they are also not part of the Covenant and dont participate in the Alliance War, but they are affected by Planemeld as everyone else. However, seeing the downfall of Fahra'jad's popularity, due to the recent events, perhaps there may soon be an opportunity for the Crowns of Hegathe to regain their power
{BANNERS_MOORS_DESCR}High King Fahara'jad \n\n After the death of Ramzi "The Distrait" Phyllocid during the Khanatan Flu, his son Fahara'jad had lead a successful campaign against Crowns Grandee Zizzeen al-Antiphyllos, and thus he inherited his throne. He was determined to reestablish the glory of Phyllocid dynasty, to be a High King of whole Hammerfall as his ascendants used to be, not just a northern fraction of it like his father was. He was capably expanding his influence, also with help of his new ally, which he found in Emeric Cumberland. Upon marrying his daughter Maraya to Emeric, and winning the so called Ranser's War that was caused by it, he became a member of the greater Daggerfall Covenant. His wife Za-Rifah "Flower of Taneth" gave him two more children, Azah, the prince of Antiphyllos, and Lakana, who followed to footsteps of her older sister Maraya and married Nathaniel Cumberland, Emeric's younger brother. Being more powerful than before, due to his new alliances he had enough influence to proclaim himself a high king of all Hammerfall, expanding his realm further. But there were many of those who considered Fahra'jad an usurper and didnt become a part of his realm, especially the Crowns in Hegathe and also Forebears in Taneth, eventhough they havent openly challenged Fahara'jad. Peace between forebears and crowns in his realm was fragile, and conflicts between the factions werent unusual. Just before the start of Alliance War, his position became less stable, as his treacherous advisor Suturah killed several of his councillors and attempted to take High King's life, which failed, hence with his undead army he marched against Sentinel. As the redguards rejected to fight their risen ancestors, in fear that their souls would be forsaken, Fahara'jad was forced to call the Ash'abah tribe, who are considered "unclean" by other redguards, to save Sentinel. He attributed the victory to the intervention of The Divines, but rumours have already been spreading about what really happened. While nowadays most of redguard army is in Cyrodiil fighting for the Ruby Throne, Suturah's sons of Withered Hand have plotted to revenge their father. They managed to stole Ansei Wards, the sign of power of redguard kings, and started to amass a new undead army in Alikr desert. Thus, Fahara'jad's position is becoming very fragile, as now many of The Crowns, but also the Forebears, call for him to step down, while he has to ask Ash'abah for help again...
{BANNERS_VENICE_DESCR}Casimir Deleyn\n\n One of the greatest battles in High Rock history took a place before the gates of Daggerfall, resulting in the death of Durcorach and thus an end to the imperial conquest of High Rock. Daggerfall has has been grateful to Wayrest for organizing the joint breton help, and thus both, Bergamot Deleyn, and later his son Casimir Deleyn, joined both Covenants. As the Alliance War started, Daggerfall has been participating in the The Alliance War as well. Neverthless, a necromantic reachmen Bloothorn Cult hast started to corrupt Glenumbra. Led by Angof Gravesinger, they desecrated the ancient cemetery Cath Bedraud, where the majority of breton kings are burried, raising the dead to strenghten their armies and bring more death and chaos to The Covenant... Angof also managed to raise a powerful werewolf Faolchu at the ancient battlefield in Glenumbra Moors, ultimately overruning Camlorn and infecting breton nobility. Duke Sebastian of Camlorn was forced to retreat from the city, while in Daggerfall, an unsuccessful attempt was made at King Casimir Deleyn's life. And thus, Daggerfall and Covenant forces are gathering to retake Camlorn...
{BANNERS_MONGOLS_DESCR}High King Emeric Cumberland \n\n During the Durcorach's invasion, Wayrest had to survive 57-days long siege. Afterwards, Wayrest was instrumental in organizing a joint attack of all bretons against Durcorach's army, resulting in the imperial army being slaughtered at the gates of Daggerfall, and Durcorach being killed personally by earl Emeric Cumberland. King Gerard Gardner signed the first Daggerfall Covenant, a pact of mutual defence between the breton kingdoms. But when the Khanatan Flu came, the disease killed the king and his whole dynasty, and thus, Emeric Cumberland ascended to the throne. A peace didnt last for long, because when Emeric rejected to marry a daughter of King Ranser Branquette of Rivenspire, and married Fahara'jad's daughter Maraya instead, Ranser got furios and invaded Stormhaven, putting Wayrest under another long siege. It took joint forces of several breton kingdoms, Fahara'jad's redguards and Kurog gro-Bagkrakh's orsimers, to whom Emeric had to promise many rewards, to finally defeat Ranser. After this joint victory, Emeric became a high king of High Rock and formed the greater Daggerfall Covenant, which also included Fahara'jad's holdings in Hammerfall, and the newly created Kingdom of New Orsinium led by Kurog. Apart of many capable generals and armies, the covenant also have their secret intelligence network, the Ring of Daggers. Emeric didnt want have another king in Rivenspire, so instead he created a Triumvirate of houses Dorell, Tamrith and Monclair, to rule it jointly. Now with the Planemeld happening, Daggerfall Covenant participates in the Alliance War, and invaded Cyrodiil... However, in the same time many conflicts arose in the bretons's homeland - reachmen cult taking over Camlorn, a civil war in Rivenspire and Bangkorai being invaded by the Seventh Legion and the reachmen...
{BANNERS_SHARN_DESCR}Lord Wylon Montclair  \n\n Rivenspire led by king Hurlburt Branquette fought against the Durcorach's imperials and reachmen like everyone else, and following bretons' victory over Durcorach, they joined the first Daggerfall Covenant. Neverthless, once Hurlburt died, his son Phylgeon inherited the throne, with support of House Montclair. But older Ranser, Hurlburt's tamrith bastard was supported by other houses, most importantly by House Tamrith, and thus a trial begun to decide who should sit on the throne. Wylon Montclair brought some proofs, such as Bretonnick Natalitie codicile, which claimed that "Howse Mont Clayre" was indeed the royal house of Sharnhelm, but in the end the council chose Ranser to be king of Rivenspire anyway. Phylegon Branquette didnt resist, and instead became the baron of Montclair. New king Ranser became known for his hot-headed temper and brutal reign. King Emeric Cumberland had been looking for a wife, and he seemed to accept Ranser's offer to marry his daughter Rayelle, but in the end he instead chose to marry Fahara'jad's daughter Maraya, which enraged Ranser greatly, and thus he declared war against Wayrest, gathering all rivenspire houses to arms, except House Ravenwatch, who remained neutral. The conflict became knowns as Ranser's War and it began with a siege of Wayrest. His half brother Phylgeon attempted to serve as a peace envoy for both sides. While Emeric's answer was lost to time, Ranser had angrily refused, and thus the war continued. Emeric's allies started to gather and the siege of Wayrest was lifted, and thus they advanced into Rivenspire. A decisive force were the orsimers under Kurog gro-Bagrakh, who set Sharnhelm ablaze. Soon, Ranser's forces were overrun, and the houses started to abandon him.. First abandoned him House Tamrith and Dorell. House Montclair surrendered to Wayrest just before the final battle at Markwasten Moor, where Ranser was believed to be killed, eventhough he actually died a few days later, betrayed by his last men. The Crown of Sharnhelm was lost and Branquette dynasty ended, and since Emeric didnt want Rivenspire to have a king again, he rather chose to create a triumvirate, so the three main houses would rule Rivenspire jointly. And thus, the Council of the North were Countess Esselde Tamrith, Baron Allard Dorell and Lord Wylon Montclair and they had reservations to the orsimer being part of the pact. However, Wylon is a possesive men, and when his wife went ill, he was willing to undergo anything to keep her alive, such as turning her a vampire to keep her alive. Because Wylon's personal friend, vampiric Count Verandis Ravenwatch, refused to turn Leila into a vampire, Wylon was forced to use service of Reezal-Jul. Reezal-Jul was a necromancer formerly serving Ranser, who wished to avenge for King Ranser. Thus, he fooled Wylon, and in the ritual that was meant to turn Leila vampire, he instead turned Wylon and his family members vampires, while unfortunately Leila had to be killed by Verandis. Wylon was blinded by grief, and sought to attain revenge against House Ravenwatch and also decided to press his claim to Rivenspire kingship, as he was the direct heir of Phylgeon, and thus the Branquette dynasty. With help of Reezal-Jul, House Montclair used Lightless Remmant in Erokii to turn many citizens of Rivenspire bloodfiends, lot of them dying, and also turning some of them vampires to weaken the other houses and thus managed to seize Sharnhelm...
{BANNERS_EVER_DESCR}King Eamond Guimard \n\n Blaise Guimard and knights of Saint Pelin managed to retake Bangkorai back from The Empire, while The Empire was defeated in Daggerfall. After Durcorach's demise, they joined the first Covenant as well, and Blaise Guimard became king of of Bangkorai, in place of Moile dynasty, as all remaining members of House Moile had been slained by the reachmen. Evermore's power has been rising, as they made a strong alliance with Emeric Cumberland of Stormhaven through Emeric's cousin Arzhela Cumberland marrying Eamond Guimard, a new king of Evermore, giving him a son Adrien, eventhough they also had to resolve disputes regarding Fallen Wastes, as High King Fahra'jad claims it to belong to the redguards. Entering the greater Daggerfall, Evermore has been participating in the present Alliance War as well. Although due to most of Evermore armies being away, it is now in danger, which used to their advantage The Seventh Legion led by imperial-magnus Septima Tharn, who also made an alliance with Dark Witnesses, a reachmen clan, to strenghten her Bangkorai invasion. As Covenant is busy elsewhere, there is not many men to defend Bangkorai...
{BANNERS_FRANCE_DESCR} King Aeradan Camoran \n\n Aeradan Camoran has managed to save Valenwood from being conquered by the imperials and united it by winning the civil war against Blacksap Rebellion due to the significant help from the altmers, especially High Queen Ayrenn. Blacksap Rebellion was led by Gelthior Camoran, who wished to replace Aeradan and lead Valenwood in more traditional manners. But the Rebellion was ended brutally, when altmer General Endare of Jade Dragons conquered Cormount, the Rebellion's capital, and committed a massacre against the rebels, geting a nickname "Butcher". The loosing rebels feared the same fate, and thus the war ended quickly afterwards, with Gelthior surrendering to Aeradan. When Valenwood became part of the pact, Elden Root became Dominion's capital and Aeradan was granted a high position within The Thalmor Council, and many bosmeri threethanes and chieftains became members of it as well, to govern the Dominion. Upon entering the Alliance War, the bosmers participate in the war in Cyrodiil as well, but Heritance's rebellion strucks Valenwood significantly as well, as many of Heritance's armies is in Valenwood territory, including General Endare, and their maormer allies raiding the Greenshade coast. Furthermore, several Wood Orcs clans, inspired by New Orsinium's rise, become hostile to the bosmers, and the rumours also say, that the Covenant might be sending aid to them. The Silvenar Edhelorn, tradiotionally a Voice of bosmer peope, handling the politics matter on behalf of the bosmers, was killed at Khenarthi's Roost, thus a new one needs to chosen... Meanwhile Vinedusk rangers are engaging in Arenthia with the imperials, as its threatened by Tharn's invasion of Reaper's March in northern Elsweyr as well...
{BANNERS_AZTECS_DESCR} Unlike the other dunmers, the ashlanders have never acknowledged the Tribunal, and still follow the old ways of ancestor-worshipping culture, living as nomadic tribes, especially in Vvardenfell, but also less so in Morrowind mainland. They have been despised by the great houses and Tribunal, and they have steadily been forced into the poorest and most hostile lands. Most of their lands currenly is in Vvardenfell, where one of their most holy places is Ald'ruhn, upom the grave of Skar. Tribes are led by ashkhans and gulakhans, who attends mainly to military matters, while lot of decision power is held by their religious figures, most importantly Wise Women and Farseeers. As most of dunmer troops are now away due to The Three Banners War, several ashlanders tribes used the opportunity to raid the dunmer settlements, such as Iliath Tample in Stonefalls being raided by Kagesh Tribe, or monastery in Muth Gnaar being raded by Vereansu Tribe. And in Vvardenfell, an ashkhan or Urshilaku tribe, Conoon Chodala, approached the council of Ald'ruhn, claiming to be a reborned Nerevarine, and it is being suspected that the loss of Vivec's divine power is caused by Conoon Chodala's staff, the Sunna'rah. A new conflict with the Tribunal may arise, as the Hidden Armigers, tribunal's agents, have already sent agents to resolve the situation....
{BANNERS_SICILY_DESCR}Grandmaster Ralden Hlaalu\n\n  After Morrowind's defeats in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Nowadays, Great House Hlaalu has been of the weaker of the great houses, residing mostly around their capital in Narsis, and having close to none significant holdings in Vvardenfell, which has been being colonized. There have been several disputes and small wars with Great House Dres, however Hlaalu soldiers have proven themselves superior to the Dres slavers. Nowadays, House Hlaalu is a member of the Ebonheart Pact under the Tribunal, and afterwards their participation in the war against the akaviri and formation of the Pact, their warriors participate in The Alliance War in Cyrodiil as well. They havent had any significant objections to Pact's formation, as they rather saw it an an opportunity to open new trading routes, and also were happy to take away the wealth of House Dres. Along with other pact forces, they are now also facing Daggerfall raids of Stonefalls, led by General Serien. And Hlaalu holdings in Deshaan are ravaged by the Llodos plague. House Hlaalu is currently lead by Grandmaster Ralden Hlaalu, who resides in Narsis.
{BANNERS_TURKS_DESCR} Aran Jriska\n\n Khanatan Flu ravaged the Elsweyr hard, similarily as Thrassian plague hundreds years before. The situation had ben desperate until the altmers sent their healers and supplies, due to which the flu could have been finally contained. Many were suspicious of altmer help, as they didnt expect it to be for free. The Empire used this opportunity to renew their attacks, and they managed to push as far as Riverhold and Orcrest, slowly being pushed back afterwards, leaving Orcrest in ruins. When most of the lost lands was retaken, Euraxia Tharn orchestrated a Frostfall Coup in Rimmen, during which anequina king Hemakar and queen Numara were killed, and Euraxia became a queen of Rimmen. Later, they joined Dominion along with altmers and khajiits, for the help the altmers provided during the Khanatan Flu. The Elden Accord was signed by lord Gharesh-ri, the Speaker of The Mane. Several khajiits are part of Thalmor government as well, with lord Gharesh-hi holding the highest position from amongst all the khajiits. And thus, along with their altmer and bosmer allies, the khajiits participate in the Alliance War. In Tenmar, lot of pelletine royal members died to the Khanatan Flu, as well as Governor Z'har Tuslaz of Senchal. Varen Aquilarios had sent the thirteenth legion to help restore Senchal city, but with the Ruby Throne now empty, the legion has gone rogue and General Meric Renmus rules the city. Nowadays, Elsweyr is also threatened by dragons, who have re-surfaced across the province, as former imperial battlemage inadvertently unleashed them from Halls of Collossus, after he retrieved the Wrathstone. Thus, the dragons continue in their quest for Moon's Lunar Power. Quin'rawl peninsual has been hit especially hard. And with the arrival of the dragons, a new khajit dragon cult has been formed, The New Moon Cult...
{BANNERS_POLAND_DESCR} Grandmaster Meriath \n\n After Morrowind's defeat in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Great House Redoran has had a strong military culture, due to gaving to often fight nordic raiders from the west. Under Grandmaster Meriath, they dutifully serve The Tribunal, resulting in members of House Redoran controlling several important military offices amongst many morrowind orders and instituions, such as Buyont Armigers or in Tal'Deic Fortress, and also resuting in House Redoran gaining many new lands in Vvardenfell, such as large portions of lands in Ascadian Isles, Bitter Coast and West Gash. Afterwards their participation in the war against the akaviri and formation of the Pact, their warriors fight in Cyrodiil as part of the Alliance War, while the ashlanders raids in both Vvardenfell and mainland has now became common, and the remaining redoran warriors dont have enough men to repel them, partially having to rely on mercenaries. House Redoran has failed to stop the covenant fleet. The Covenant troops led by General Serien destroyed redoran navy and raided their holding in Bleackrock Isle, continuing south to raid Deshaan...
{BANNERS_PORTUGAL_DESCR} Lord Dagoth-Ur \n\n After Morrowind's defeats in Four Score War against The Second Empire, the dunmers have been rebuilding for a long time, under The Tribunal's guidance, increasing Tribunal's authority. Throughout this time, The Grand Council consisting of the 5 great houses was responsible for local governance in Morrowind, while the land as whole was ruled indirectly by The Tribunal. Prior to all that, in the first Era, Indoril Nerevar was the one to unite all morrowind houses. Neverthless, afterwards Dagoth Ur was thought to be exterminated in the battle of Red Mountain, Nerevar had died, and his 3 Indoril associates, Vivec, Sotha-Sil and Almalexia, succeeded to control Morrowind as The Tribunal. The Tribunal consolidated their power and succeeded in incorporating themselves into the Chiemri belief systen of ancestor and Daedra Worship, at the expense of House of Troubles. Nowadays, Vivec, Sotha-Sil and Almalexia are The Three Living Gods of Morrowind, who have performed many amazing deeds as the Dunmer's immortal protectors. The Three Mortal Gods have keep going on their annual pilgrimage to the Red Mountain to renew their powers, not realizing Dagoth Ur has been alive, and growing stronger. Perhaps its time for House Dagoth to reveal itself, and bring vengeance to the Tribunal, for their treachery in the First Era...

{MAP_TITLE}		MAP WIP
{MAP_ENGLAND_TITLE}Tamriel Empire
{MAP_BYZANTIUM_TITLE}High Kingdom of Summerset Isles - First Aldmeri Dominion
{MAP_ENGLAND_DESCR}Tamriel Empire
{MAP_BYZANTIUM_DESCR}High Kingdom of Summerset Isles - First Aldmeri Dominion

{VVARDEN_TITLE}		3E 427 - Vvardenfell (Provincial map)
{VVARDEN_DESCR}Scenerio features: Unique provincial map - under developed starting settlements - average starting armies - lore starting wars - some experienced starting generals - small family trees - includes events from the Septim Campaign \n\n Take the opportunity to play in the new unique provincial map fro Vvardenfell, during the events of TES III: Morrowind (and more)
{VVARDEN_AZTECS_DESCR}	Ashkhan Sul-Matuul\n\n The Ashlanders are Dunmeri nomads that live in Vvardenfell's wilderness. In the Merethic Era, Ashlanders and Dunmer were very much alike and on equal footing, but after the formation of the First Council and the Great Houses, they have steadily been forced into the poorest and most hostile lands. They travel along with their herds, camping wherever is suitable. Additional resources gained by hunting the local wildlife are used to manufacture huts, armours, clothing and general household items. Unlike the settled Dunmer of the Great Houses, they do not acknowledge the power of the Tribunal. In fact, they believe the Tribunal betrayed Lord Nerevar at the Battle of Red Mountain and are kept alive by means of magic not unlike necromancy. The Ashlanders are very xenophobic and believe all outlanders should leave Vvardenfell.\n\n  The Ashlanders are divided into four clans: Ahemmusa, Erabenimsun, Urshilaku and Zainab. Each clan is traditionally led by an Ashkhan, whereas the spiritual leadership lies with the Wise Woman. With the recent events all tribes have elected one Great Ashkhan to reunite all Ashlanders.\n\n  With the Treaty of the Armistice disbanded, and the old alliances dead, the Ashlander Tribes formed a rare silent alliance with the Redoran, whom are in fact their enemy. The Tribes wish to root out all foreigners from Vvardenfell and gain supremacy over the entire Isle.
{VVARDEN_AZTECS_TITLE}	Tribes of Ashlanders
{VVARDEN_ENGLAND_DESCR}	Emperor Uriel Septim (off map)\n\n The Imperial Legion is the supreme military power of the Cyrodilic Empire of Tamriel; no other organized army in the world can match it in combat. The Legion works for the Imperial government, with support from the Emperor who is currently in power. In peace time, the Legionnaires serve as guards, and patrol the roads, although in war, they have also been used as an invasion force.\n\n  The Legion is a strictly hierarchic organization. Each fort is usually commanded by a Champion (smaller forts), or any higher-ranking Knight (larger forts). The commander of a fort is usually called 'captain' or 'General'. Only Knights may serve as generals. A Knight of the Imperial Dragon is the highest-ranking Legion officer in any District.\n\n  A special Legion platoon comprises the guard of any Duke in the province of Morrowind, the Duke of Vvardenfell, for instance. These soldiers are among the best the Legion has to offer; the most accomplished soldiers of the Duke's guard have the honour of serving as personal Palace guard to the King of Morrowind.\n\n  With the Treaty of the Armistice disbanded, and the old alliances dead, the Imperial Legion devote themselves to keeping the Empire together and to suppress the rebellion.
{VVARDEN_ENGLAND_TITLE}	Empire of Cyrodiil
{VVARDEN_HRE_DESCR}		Lord Mehrunes Dagon\n\n Oblivion \n\n For many long millennia Mehrunes Dagon -- Daedric Prince of Destruction and Change -- was preparing for what he called “Tamriel Reborned” -- great invasion of the mortal world, and claiming it as his own. Lord Dagon believe that Tamriel, the Starry Heart, is in reality another piece of Oblivion, stolen by treacherous Daedra from its rightful Prince, Lorkhan -- the Missing God. It is only just that the Lord of Change of Revolution himself would lay hand on abandoned domain. When Dragonfires became unlit and barrier between Nirn and Oblivion disappeared, hordes of demonic forces led by disciplined Dremora legions invaded whole Tamriel in a swift strike, all under the banner of Lord Dagon.\n\n Nobody was prepared for this conflict. Oblivion gates maintained by powerful sigil stones were opened at once in every province, from mushroom forests of the Telvanni to rocky hills of High Rock. Hordes of Oblivion are commanded by hierarchic Dremora, who call themselves Kyn -- mighty knights of Lord Dagon, loyal and deadly, commanded by sense of honor and duty. There are also mortals who sided with the Daedra, calling themselves “Mythic Dawn” -- their numbers grow with every day...
{VVARDEN_HRE_TITLE}		Hordes of Oblivion
{VVARDEN_HUNGARY_DESCR}	Archmagister Gothren\n\n Traditionally isolationist, most House Telvanni of Morrowind wizard-lords pursue wisdom and mastery in solitude. But certain ambitious wizard-lords, their retainers, and clients have entered whole-heartedly into the competition to control and exploit Vvardenfell's land and resources, building towers and bases all along the eastern coast. The Telvanni think that wisdom confers power, and power confers right.\n\n  All of the Telvanni Councillors live in great towers which require levitation to ascend; one leader in each of their main towns: Sadrith Mora, Tel Aruhn, Tel Vos, Tel Mora and Tel Branora. House Telvanni area include Firewatch east of Tel Mora, and Port Telvannis on the Telvanni Isles that extend east into the Padomaic Ocean. The Telvanni, in general, do not relate among other Houses or Guilds. Nor do they have many enemies save for Abolitionists and the Imperial Mages Guild - the Telvanni would rather have a monopoly on magical power in Morrowind.\n\n  House Telvanni is mainly a house of highly egocentric and ambitious wizards. Here, it is common to rise through the ranks by eliminating or otherwise 'indisposing' other members. House Telvanni is among the staunchest defenders of slavery, which they see as an ancient Dunmer right. Their ideals and desires, evidently not concerning themselves, are left to the slaves to obey. Telvanni holdings are worked by slaves, whereas the other Great Houses prefer to use generic workers. Telvanni are, therefore, strong enemies of abolitionists.\n\n  With the Treaty of the Armistice disbanded, and the old alliances dead, the Telvanni maintain their usual neutral position. They care about neither the Empire nor the other Great Houses.
{VVARDEN_HUNGARY_TITLE}	Great House Telvanni
{VVARDEN_MILAN_DESCR}		Lord Vivec\n\n House Indoril is one of the Great Houses of Morrowind. The great Chimer hero Nerevar was the head of this House during the early First Era. House Indoril is a staunch supporter of the Tribunal Temple. Many of the Temple Ordinators and other Temple heroes are members of this House. This connection has given it a big influence on all political decisions in Morrowind.\n\n Prior to Imperial conquest, House Indoril had been the dominant Great House throughout Morrowind's history. During the war with Tiber Septim's Empire, House Indoril was strongly against Imperial occupation. When Septim incorporated Morrowind into his Empire, Indoril refused to submit to Imperial rule. At the time the Lord High Councilor of the Grand Council, a council comprised of the heads of the Great Houses, was an Indoril and would not accept the treaty or step down, so he was assassinated and replaced with a member of House Hlaalu. More power struggles went on between the two Great Houses, with House Hlaalu, in support of Imperial accommodation, coming out the victor. Still unwilling to accept membership within the Empire, many Indoril nobles committed suicide, weakening the House.\n\n Currently, House Indoril has no territorial holdings on the island of Vvardenfell; all of its territory is located on mainland Morrowind. Its capital is Mournhold, also the capital of Morrowind itself.
{VVARDEN_MILAN_TITLE}		Great House Indoril
{VVARDEN_PAPAL_STATES_DESCR}	Do not translate - papacy not playable in campaign
{VVARDEN_PAPAL_STATES_TITLE}	The Papal State
{VVARDEN_POLAND_DESCR}	Archmaster Bolvyn Venim\n\n House Redoran prizes the virtues of duty, gravity, and piety. Duty is to one's own honour and to one's family and clan. Gravity is the essential seriousness of life. Life is hard, and events must be judged, endured, and reflected upon with due care and earnestness. Piety is respect for the gods and the virtues they represent. A light, careless life is not worth living.\n\n  The Great House Redoran is one of the five remaining Great Houses. Its council seat is in Ald'ruhn and all councillors live there in the hollowed shell of a colossal prehistoric Emperor Crab; the district is known as Under-Skar. Other Redoran-dominated towns include: Khuul, Maar Gan and Ald Velothi.\n\n  House Redoran's current leader, Bolvyn Venim, is somewhat unscrupulous for a Redoran. Few among the rest of the hierarchy actually like him, but the Redoran respect for strong leadership (which few Redoran leaders have displayed in recent history, hence the current weakness of the house) and prowess in arms ensures that he nevertheless retains his position. The main focus of House Redoran is maintaining the traditions of the settled Dunmer and, more specifically, the way of the warrior.\n\n  With the Treaty of the Armistice disbanded, and the old alliances dead, the Redoran take up a leader role in the rebellion against the Empire.
{VVARDEN_POLAND_TITLE}	Great House Redoran
{VVARDEN_PORTUGAL_DESCR}	Lord Dagoth Ur\n\n House Dagoth is the remains of the ancient, and defunct, Sixth Great House of the Chimer, headed by the god Dagoth Ur. The House reappeared in Vvardenfell c. 3E 400 but was destroyed shortly thereafter by the Nerevarine champion. With the current situation in the Empire, House Dagoth has once again risen from its ashes. They form the major antagonism to the peace and order in Morrowind. Their primary bases lie within Red Mountain, in the ancient Dwemer strongholds.\n\n  The Sixth House demonstrate a tremendous amount of planning, and constantly looked toward long-term goals. Dagoth Ur typically maintained a "wait-and-see" approach to his later conflicts. While House Dagoth was ideologically incredibly expansionist, it is also extremely slow in its movements. Vvardenfell was largely uncolonized until its doors were open to non-Temple folk in 3E 414; during the more than 400 years of conflict with the Tribunal, House Dagoth hardly expanded from Red Mountain at all -- only to the lost Dunmer stronghold Kogoruhn and to some smuggling chains.\n\n  With the Treaty of the Armistice disbanded, and the old alliances dead, the House Dagoth seeks to gain total supremacy over Vvardenfell. They will eliminate everyone who oppose their ideals, which is about every other faction in Vvardenfell...
{VVARDEN_PORTUGAL_TITLE}	Great House Dagoth
{VVARDEN_SICILY_DESCR}	King Hlaalu Helseth (off map) \n\n As a result of its close relationship with the Imperial administration, House Hlaalu has emerged as politically and economically dominant among the Great Houses of Vvardenfell and Morrowind. Hlaalu welcomes Imperial culture and law, Imperial Legions and bureaucracy, and Imperial freedom of trade and religion. Hlaalu still honours the old Dunmer ways -- the ancestors, the Temple, and the noble houses -- but has readily adapted to the rapid pace of change and progress in the Imperial provinces.\n\n  House Hlaalu is one of the five remaining Great Houses of the settled Dunmer, their House colour is yellow. Its council seat is in Balmora, with other Hlaalu-run towns at Suran, Hla Oad and Gnaar Mok. Vedam Dren, the former Duke of Vvardenfell who lost his position when the conflict escalated, is now once more the Grandmaster of the Great House Hlaalu.\n\n  Its main concern is business and profit. This is their great strength - they are fast talkers and intelligent traders - and their great liability; most Hlaalu are bribable, either with gold or with other favours, and their leaders are no exception. Some Councillors will obviously be honest and fair, many are under-handed and corrupt.\n\n  With the Treaty of the Armistice disbanded, and the old alliances dead, the Hlaalu seek to gain profit out of the current situation.
{VVARDEN_SICILY_TITLE}	Great House Hlaalu
{VVARDEN_SAXONS_TITLE} The Undead
{VVARDEN_SAXONS_DESCR} King of Worms Mannimarco (off map) \n\n The Order of the Black Worm arose as Mannimarco recruited mages to form a series of cells, known as Worm Nests, each led by a Worm Anchorite, who supervised adepts, Worm Warriors, and thralls. New cultists were attracted by promises of great power for those who served loyally, and all were sworn to secrecy on pain of undeath. The Anchorites reportedly communicated with Mannimarco directly, though how they did so is not clear.Some, known as Worm Eremites, decided to become undead themselves, and were always guarded by undead minions. \n\n Archmage Galerion sought to root out and destroy these cells, but Mannimarco proved adept at recruitment. He sought out mages from within the Guild, outcast witches, and Reachmen wizards to bring into his underground, illicit Order. In most places in Tamriel, necromancy was considered an atrocity, but many officials proved susceptible to bribery or other influences, and turned blind eyes as the black-robed Order established stronger footholds in their domains. Members of the Order reputedly never spoke Mannimarco's name aloud, referring to him only as the King of Worms. \n\n Galerion attributed the proliferation of soul gems and soul trapping to the influence of the Order. Soul trapping had been taught only to the most experienced and dependable mages of the Mages Guild, both because of the potential for abuse and because it was technically a subset of necromancy. Nevertheless, it became common knowledge in the emerging community of mages, apparently as part of the Order's plot to make necromancy seem commonplace. Despite Galerion's attempts to co-opt the practice of soul trapping, ferret out cells of the Order, and generally diminish their influence, the practice of necromancy became accepted as a valid, and legally tolerated, magical discipline in some places around Tamriel, notably Cyrodiil.