¬
{CLOCKWORK_CITY_SKY_TITLE}Ciudad mecánica
{GARLASMALATAR_TITLE}Garlas Malatar
{DRAKE_BRIDGE_TITLE}Puente del dragón
{PALE_PASS_TITLE}Paso pálido
{DIRENNI_TITLE}Torre Direnni
{SCOURGE_BARROW_TITLE}Scourge Barrow
{IMPERIAL_CITY_TITLE}Ciudad imperial
{GRASSY_PLAIN_TITLE}Llanura con hierba
{TEL_UVIRIT_TITLE}Tel Uvirith
{GRAHTWOOD_TITLE}Bosque de Graht
{JUNGLE_LAKE_TITLE}Montañas de Pyandonea
{CRYNGAINE_BATTLEFIELD_TITLE}Isla Betony
{DRAKE_BRIDGE_TITLE}Puente del dragón
{CRYNGAINE_BATTLEFIELD_TITLE}Batalla del campo de Cryngaine
{CRYNGAINE_DESCR}3E 402\n\n MISSION: ROUT ENEMY ARMIES. GOTHRYD MUST SURVIVE\n\n The war started because, ironically, Lord Mogref of Betony was seeking peace which made him ask for Daggerfall's protection on the Isle of Betony. The island had long been independant, but as the piracy in the Bay increased, Mogref truly realized Betony's vulnerability. King Lysandus agreed to be Betony's liege, but King Camaron of Sentinel objected, citing an old contract that suggested Betony was a holding of their kingdom, and declared war. In Daggerfall, the court sorceress Medora (who was also the king's lover), and Nulfaga, the queen mother and a renowned mystic and necromancer herself, both foretold doom for Lysandus and Daggerfall if he warred with Sentinel. The king ignored them and won all of the initial battles, but when Nulfaga left court, Lysandus then realized how certain she was about his impending death. He began to actively negotiate a peace treaty with Sentinel, using the neutral lordship of Reich Gradkeep as facilitator.\n\n The Treaty of Reich Gradkeep was never to be. King Camaron was initially civil, as the losing side of a war is often civil, but when he realized that the proposed treaty would have included a formal declaration that the kingdoms of Sentinel and Daggerfall would share Betony, he flew into a rage. With no thought for the protocol of attacking a neutral peaceable lordship, Camaron order his army to riot through Reich Gradkeep. First the halls of the palace, and then the streets of the capitol ran red with blood. It was only with the support of the Daggerfall army that the chaos was brought under relative control. The Sentinel army fled to the Yeorth Burrowland, and the Daggerfall army chased them as far as the Ravennian Forest before making camp.\n\n One week later, after each had a chance to send for reinforcements and plan their strategies, the armies met in the field that separated them, the flowering meadowland called Cryngaine Field. In the heat of the clash, an unnatural fog spread over the field, blinding all combatants. When the mist finally lifted, King Lysandus' body was found, his throat pierced by an unmarked arrow.\n\n Daggerfall did not waste any time in mourning; Prince Gothryd, who had shown great bravery in battle, was crowned King of Daggerfall just behind the battle lines, and ordered the army onward. Soon the battle began to turn in Daggerfall's favor. Lord Bridwell slew King Camaron of Sentinel. Panicked by the death of the king and the sheer amount of losses they were taking the armies of Sentinel retreated in disarray. Lord Oresme of Sentinel formally surrendered to Daggerfall, giving up all rights to Betony officially. He later commited suicide on the ship back to Sentinel.\n\n The island of Balfiera, which had been their haven, was immediately declared haunted because Medora, prior to the battle of Gyngaine Field, had retired to her castle there to wait for Lysandus' return. Queen Mynisera, discovering her affair with Lysandus, had banished her from court. Medora had attempted to conjure Lysandus' spirit, but had been unsuccessful. Trying greater and greater conjurations, she had succeeded in resurrecting the dead all over the island, but her lover was still lost to her.\n\n The cause for Medora's distress was apparent to the court of Daggerfall. Lysandus had come back as a spectre and was screaming from the court to the streets of Daggerfall for revenge. He brought with him a host of devils that plagued the citizens and nobility. The bravest of the guardsmen attempted to attack these devils, and their souls soon joined the unholy army. King Gothryd went from being an extremely popular king to a distrusted one, as rumors began that he may have killed his own father in the chaos of the Battle of Cryngaine Field. Mynisera now the Queen-Mother, was also considered a suspect - some even suspected that she was in love with Lord Bridwell (which was true) and had conspired with him to assassinate the king.\n\n The real story is that when Medora was banished from court, Lysandus decided that he'd rather spend the rest of his life with her in anonymity than reign as king of Daggerfall (he never was particularly ambitious). He made a deal with his son, Gothryd, who wanted his father to be happy. An impersonator would ride into the battle dressed in the royal battle armor and would feign death. This impersonator is an impoverished nobleman from just outside Wayrest, who was allied with Lord Woodborne, the commander of the Wayrest military. Just before the battle of Cryngaine Field, a group from Wayrest, led by the commander, arrived at the Daggerfall camp and left after two hours of discussion. The noble put on the king's armor, and the king donned the noble's robes. Woodborne then lead the king off before the battle to Tamarilyne Point to join his beloved Medora on the isle of Balfiera.\n\n The battle goes as planned. When the fog arrives, Gothryd shoots the noble impersonating his father and kills him. When the fog lifts, the “king” is found and carried to the Royal Healer and Gothryd. The full royal funeral is held for the impersonator in the royal suit of armor.\n\n Along the way to Tamarilyne Point, the real Lysandus and Woodborne are discussing the king's retirement. Woodborne is enormously ambitious and hopes that his romance with Princess Elysana will make him the new king of Wayrest. If Prince Helseth takes the throne, Woodborne is planning on opposing him by any means necessary. He had tried months before to get Lysandus' word that Daggerfall would assist him, but was rebuffed. The Minat orcs, one of the more powerful tribes, had agreed to ally themselves with him provided he helped them in their claims to start Orsinium. Woodborne asks Lysandus what he would do if he gets bored at Balfiera Isle, and Lysandus says he'd sneak back to Daggerfall and give Gothryd advice. A member of the Minat orcs meets the troop, and Woodborne tells Lysandus that it is an emergency and follows the orc, taking one advisor (someone who doesn't like him and doesn't speak orcish) with him as an alibi. The rest of the troop takes Lysandus off to the Point. Woodborne tells the orc chieftain, Gortworg, to send a group to kill Lysandus. They meet Lysandus at the point, massacre the troops who are caught unaware, as they think the Minat orcs are their friends. The orcs sink all the ships and put Lysandus' body in a silver casket in a catacomb near Tamarilyne Point so Woodborne can produce it if Gothryd proves to be as uncooperative as his father.\n\n Ironically, a blessing is placed on the suit of armor before it is ceremonially cremated, giving the king eternal rest and stopping the curse. Medora would have done the same if Lysandus had been with her when he died. The orcs were not so nice. They hacked him up - no blessing given.
{CRYNGAINE_TITLE}Batalla del campo de Cryngaine

{SANCRE_TOR_BATTLEFIELD_TITLE}Sancre Tor
{SANCRE_TOR_DESCR}2E 852\n\n MISSION: TALOS MUST REACH SANCRE TOR AND KILL THE BRETON GENERAL\n\n В 852 году 2Э In 2E852, allied Nord and Breton forces crossed the borders into Cyrodiil and occupied the major passes and settlements in the Jerall Mountains. Making their headquarters for the winter at Sancre Tor, the Nord-Breton allies dared King Cuhlecain's new general, Talos, to assault them in their mountain fastnesses. When they learned that General Talos had mustered an army in the dead of winter and was marching to assault Sancre Tor, they were elated. Sancre Tor was impregnable, its citadel on high cliffs overlooking the lower city, nestled in a high mountain basin with steep, unscalable cliffs in their rear.\n\n The Cyrodilic army was small, poorly trained and outfitted, short on rations, and unprepared for winter campaigning. As their ragged units assembled in the lowlands beneath the citadel, the Nord-Breton allies confidently assumed that their enemy had delivered himself into their trap. The citadel was not only protected by an unscalable cliff in front and unscalable heights in their rear, but the entrance to the citadel was magically concealed under the appearance of a large mountain lake in the basin beneath the heights. Accordingly, the Nord-Breton allies left on a small force to defend the citadel, descending through lower passages to attack and overwhelm the cold, hungry Cyrodilic forces before them. They expected to defeat, overrun, and annihilate General Talos' army, leaving no one to oppose their springtime descent into the Cyrodilic Heartlands.\n\n Thus did General Talos lure the Nord-Breton allies to their doom.\n\n Leaving a weak force in the lowlands to draw out the defenders, General Talos approached the citadel of Sancre Tor from the rear, descending the supposedly unscalable heights behind the citadel, and sneaking into the supposedly magically concealed entrance to the inner citadel. This feat is attributed to a Breton turncoat sorcerer, who revealed both the existence of an obscure mountain trail down the heights behind the citadel and the secret of the citadel entrance concealed beneath its illusory lake surface.\n\n While the Cyrodilic army in the lowlands fought a desperate defense against the Nord-Breton army, General Talos and his men entered the citadel, swept aside the sparse defense, captured the Nord-Breton nobles and generals, and compelled them to surrender the citadel and their armies. The confused and demoralized Nord captives, already suspicious of the scheming High Rock sorcerer aristocracy and their overreaching dreams of Heartlands conquests, deserted the alliance and swore loyalty to Tiber Septim. The Skyrim generals joined their rank and file in Tiber Septim's army; the High Rock battlemage command was summarily executed and the captive Bretons imprisoned or sold into slavery.\n\n Thus was the concerted allied invasion of Cyrodiil foiled, and General Talos' army was bolstered by the hardened Nord veteran troops that played so crucial a role in General Talos' succeeding campaigns, which consolidated the Colovian and Nibenean into the core of the Cyrodilic Empire, and which resulting in the crowning of General Talos as Emperor Tiber Septim.
{SANCRE_TOR_TITLE}Batalla de Sancre Tor

{DRAGONSTAR_BATTLEFIELD_TITLE}Estrella del dragón
{DRAGONSTAR_DESCR}3E 397\n\n MISSION: GENERAL DUVAIS MUST DESTROY OR ROUT THE ARMIES OF HAMMERFELL AND HIGH ROCK\n\n The Imperial Simulacrum weakened the Empire severely and its authority, causing several provincial wars. In 3E 397 the War of the Bend'r-mahk was such a conflict. Skyrim, fueled by conquest, destroyed the combined forces of Hammerfell and High Rock and took many miles of the eastern parts of those provinces, including the cities of Elinhir and Jehenna.Some of these territories were claimed to have been lost in previous wars at the expense of Skyrim.\n\n The war resulted in a deeper division between the Redguard factions of Crowns and Forebears, as the Forebear cities showed no inclination to help the Crown cities assaulted and occupied by the Nords, which in turn was a response to the lack of help by the Crowns to the Forebears during the Camoran Usurper's invasion. The resistance of both the Redguards and the Bretons lasted long after the war was over.\n\n The most peculiar situation arose in the city of Dragonstar, where the city was divided into western and eastern sections of the city, the western one being ruled by Hammerfell and the eastern one by Skyrim. walled off from each other, with each section having its own government and a desire to take control of the entire city, even resorting to acts of terrorism. The situation persisted for at least 30 years afterwards. General Duvais made a strong base in the east of Dragonstar. He tried to destroy the Hammerfell force in Dragonstar west. He made a deal with some bandits to blockage the supply and reinforcement to Dragonstar west. However a unknown hero turned the tide of war by destroying the bandits. At Loth'Na Caverns, General Duvais tried to kill that hero. He failed, and met his untimely end. After peace was established, a commission was created to repair the damage done by the war.
{DRAGONSTAR_TITLE}Batalla de Estrella del dragón

{RED_RING_BATTLEFIELD_TITLE}Anillo rojo
{RED_RING_DESCR}4E 175\n\n MISSION: EMPEROR MUST TAKE THE IMPERIAL CITY AND KILL OR CAPTURE LORD NAARFIN.\n\n On the 30th of Frostfall, 4E 171, the Aldmeri Dominion sent an ambassador to the Imperial City with a gift in a covered cart and an ultimatum for the new Emperor. The long list of demands included staggering tributes, disbandment of the Blades, outlawing the worship of Talos, and ceding large sections of Hammerfell to the Dominion. Despite the warnings of his generals of the Empire's military weakness, Emperor Titus Mede II rejected the ultimatum. The Thalmor ambassador upended the cart, spilling over a hundred heads on the floor: every Blades agent in Summerset and Valenwood. And so began the Great War which would consume the Empire and the Aldmeri Dominion for the next five years.\n\n Within days, Aldmeri armies invaded Hammerfell and Cyrodiil simultaneously. A strong force commanded by the Thalmor general Lord Naarifin attacked Cyrodiil from the south, marching out of hidden camps in northern Elsweyr and flanking the Imperial defenses along the Valenwood border. Leyawiin soon fell to the invaders, while Bravil was cut off and besieged.\n\n At the same time, an Aldmeri army under Lady Arannelya crossed into western Cyrodiil from Valenwood, bypassing Anvil and Kvatch and crossing into Hammerfell. Smaller Aldmeri forces landed along the southern coastline of Hammerfell. The disunited Redguard forces offered only scattered resistance to the invaders, and much of the southern coastline was quickly overrun. The greatly outnumbered Imperial legions retreated across the Alik'r Desert in the now-famous March of Thirst.\n\n The initial Aldmeri objective was in fact the conquest of Hammerfell, and that the invasion of Cyrodiil was intended only to pin down the Imperial legions while Hammerfell was overrun. However, the surprising initial success of Lord Naarifin's attack led the Thalmor to believe that the Empire was weaker than they had thought. The capture of the Imperial City itself and the complete overthrow of the Empire thus became their primary objective of the next two years, a objective that came very close to be realized.\n\n During 4E 172, the Aldmeri advanced deeper into Cyrodiil. Bravil and Anvil both fell to the invaders. By the end of the year, Lord Naarifin had advanced to the very walls of the Imperial City. There were fierce naval clashes in Lake Rumare and along the Niben as the Imperial forces attempted to hold the eastern bank.\n\n In 4E 174, the Thalmor leadership committed all available forces to the campaign in Cyrodiil, gambling on a decisive victory to end the war once and for all. During the spring, Aldmeri reinforcements gathered in southern Cyrodiil, and on 12th of Second Seed, they launched a massive assault on the Imperial City itself. One army drove north to completely surround the city, while Lord Naarifin's main force attacked the walls from the south, east, and west. The Emperor's decision to fight his way out of the city rather than make a last stand was a bold one. No general dared advise him to abandon the capital, but Titus II was proven right in the end.\n\n While the Eighth Legion fought a desperate (and doomed) rearguard action on the walls of the city, Titus II broke out of the city to the north with his main army, smashing through the surrounding the Aldmeri forces and linking up with reinforcements marching south from Skyrim under General Jonna. Meanwhile, however, the capital fell to the invaders and the infamous Sack of the Imperial City began. The Imperial Palace was burned, the White-Gold Tower itself looted, and all manner of atrocities carried out by the vengeful elves on the innocent populace.\n\n During the winter of 4E 174-175, the Thalmor seem to have believed that the war in Cyrodiil was all but over. They made several attempts to negotiate with Titus II. The Emperor encouraged them in their belief that he was preparing to surrender; meanwhile, he gathered his forces to retake the Imperial City.\n\n In what is now known as the Battle of the Red Ring, a battle that will serve as a model for Imperial strategists for generations to come, Titus II divided his forces into three. One army, with the legions from Hammerfell under General Decianus, was hidden in the Colovian Highlands near Chorrol. The Aldmeri were unaware that he was no longer in Hammerfell, possibly because the Imperial veterans Decianus had left behind led Lady Arannelya to believe that she still faced an Imperial army. The second army, largely of Nord legions under General Jonna, took up position near Cheydinhal. The main army was commanded by the Emperor himself, and would undertake the main assault of the Imperial City from the north.\n\n On the 30th of Rain's Hand, the bloody Battle of the Red Ring began as General Decianus swept down on the city from the west, while General Jonna's legionnaires drove south along the Red Ring Road. In a two-day assault, Jonna's army crossed the Niben and advanced west, attempting to link up with Decianus's legions and thus surround the Imperial City. Lord Naarifin was taken by surprise by Decianus's assault, but Jonna's troops faced bitter resistance as the Aldmeri counterattacked from Bravil and Skingrad. The heroic Nord legionnaires held firm, however, beating off the piecemeal Aldmeri attacks. By the fifth day of the battle, the Aldmeri army in the Imperial City was surrounded.\n\n Titus II led the assault from the north, personally capturing Lord Naarifin. In the end, the main Aldmeri army in Cyrodiil was completely destroyed. The Emperor's decision to withdraw from the Imperial City in 4E 174 was bloodily vindicated. Lord Naarifin was kept alive for thirty-three days, hanging from the White-Gold tower. It is not recorded where his body was buried, if it was buried at all. Once source claims he was carried off by a winged daedra on the thirty-fourth day.\n\n Although victorious, the Imperial armies were in no shape to continue the war. The entire remaining Imperial force was gathered in Cyrodiil, exhausted and decimated by the Battle of the Red Ring. Not a single legion had more than half its soldiers fit for duty. Two legions had been effectively annihilated, not counting the loss of the Eighth during the retreat from the Imperial City the previous year. Titus II knew that there would be no better time to negotiate peace, and late in 4E 175 the Empire and the Aldmeri Dominion signed the White-Gold Concordat, ending the Great War.\n\n The terms were harsh, but Titus II believed that it was necessary to secure peace and give the Empire a chance to regain its strength. The two most controversial terms of the Concordat were the banning of the worship of Talos and the cession of a large section of southern Hammerfell (most of what was already occupied by Aldmeri forces). Critics have pointed out that the Concordat is almost identical to the ultimatum the Emperor rejected five years earlier. However, there is a great difference between agreeing to such terms under the mere threat of war, and agreeing to them at the end of a long and destructive war. No part of the Empire would have accepted these terms in 4E 171, dictated by the Thalmor at swords-point. Titus II would have faced civil war. By 4E 175, most of the Empire welcomed peace at almost any price.
{RED_RING_TITLE}Batalla del anillo rojo


{GRASSY_PLAIN_TITLE}Llanura con hierba
