¬
¬_____________________________________________The Elder Scrolls___________________________________________
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_EMP_TITLE}Welcome, Your Imperial Majesty!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_EMP_BODY}"Long live the Emperor, let the Empire be eternal!" \n\nNow, in 3E 421, most of our legions were withdrawn from the provinces and temporarily disbanded. The legions directly controlled by us are now quartered mainly in Cyrodiil and there are still a few forces in the recently colonized by Great Houses of Morrowind Vvardenfell isle. \n\nThe legates assert that in the event of a threat of war, the first detachments of legionaries can be collected and prepared for the defense of the province and a further offensive in just a few months, but now cities and forts are guarded, mainly by the militia. Therefore, we need to organize the barracks of legionnaires in large settlements and forts as quickly as possible so that lightly armed groups of legionnaires and city guards can protect our lands before we can form a powerful backbone of our army, consisting of trained and ready-to-fight legionaries. This, according to the assurances of the legates and military advisers, can take about two years, so you can not delay. Southern provinces are already beginning to worry, and the Redguards and Nords very soon can unleash a new war, if we do not intervene. In addition, we do not have a garrison in Sancre-tor, in case some of the adventurers decide to attack Cyrodiil while Skyrim and Hammerfell resolve territorial disputes. \n\nTo prepare the troops for possible threats, our advisers also suggest giving new untilled land in Kolovia and Nibenye to farmers, since the current fields are too small to provide a strong army of surplus food. In addition, we need to expand commodity markets, build new roads and support the treasury of free traders who are currently reluctant to leave the city limits. \n\nOur empire has long relied on the tactics and strategy of the imperial legions. These troops are fast, mobile and strong, able to withstand any fast army, heavy infantry or cavalry. Legionnaires are taught to deal with sword, spear, halberd and bow, so the legion relies on strong detachments of the staunch infantry and the shooters covering it. Also, the main line of infantry is ready to support combat mages, wrapping fireballs on their heads and light cavalry, attacking from the flanks. The Imperial Legion is a disciplined and staunch army, strong both in defense and in offense. If the legions can not respond in time to a sudden attack of the enemy, the commanders can always turn to fighter guilds and knight capitulations, providing reserves with strong offensive infantry. \n\nCyrodiil now does not have a strong army to keep the provinces in check, but if your Majesty correctly disposes of the resources entrusted, then in two or three years we will have several imperial legions ready for battle. Our priority strategic tasks are to establish logistics and to calm down unrest in the southern provinces. Also it is necessary to discourage the Sancre-Tor from bandits and gain a foothold on Solstheim. \n\nOf course, the last word is always yours, my Emperor ...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_SKY_TITLE}Honour the High King!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_SKY_BODY}"Stay strong, High King, to the glory of all Skyrim!" \n\nFor many years the sons of Skyrim have been sitting on their houses, not taking up arms. Jarls manage small squads to protect borders and fight bandits, and peasants in the villages often do their own best. But this must be stopped. The Old Kingdom is more fertile than ever, and if we use our lands with intelligence, Skyrim will soon rise and become a force with which even the Empire should be considered. The vastnesses of our Motherland are severe and cold, but the fields provide enough food, and the mines - enough gold and iron, so that we are prepared for war. \n\nOf course, before the yarl and the tans gather an army worthy of Wulfharth or Ysgramor, time must pass. Those who once participated in the great battles are now old or have long feasted in Sovngarde, revered by descendants. For some time yarlam and tan will have to rely on their squads and city guards, but Whiterun can turn his attention and gold to Jörrvaskr, where the mighty Companions are ready for battle. In addition, in the east, not far from Riften lies the old Fort Dawnguard. Who knows what stocks there left the ancient vampire hunters? In the mountains of the Reach the tribes of the reachmen also run; an ally unreliable, weak and unworthy to stand shoulder to shoulder with the best of Tamriel's men, but in modern times one often has to rely on what's left. \n\nAmong the neighbors, Skyrim has no allies except the Empire in the south. The Redguards have harbored resentments over past wars, and the dark elves of the House of Redoran are too proud and devout to accept the Nordling warriors as equals. In addition, the lands of the Redguards on the border with the Fatherland are now poorly protected and do not respect the clans of Forebears and Crowns - a good start for the war for new lands. Behind the mountains of Druadach lies the rich, but scattered cities of the Bretons, who can also offer their new king gold and people if he decides to take them by force. On Solstheim, in their villages live brothers-skaalas, masters of sword and bow, honoring our ancient ancestors - taking them under our care will be a noble act. \n\nAncestors taught us to fight face to face with the enemy, so the Nords have long been famous for heavy infantry, armed with swords, axes and hammers. Many soldiers prefer two-handed weapons, archery is considered a worthy military occupation. Less often in the army there are spearmen or horsemen. The army of nordlings is a wave sweeping away everything in its path and soldiers prefer to break into battle, and not wait until he comes to them, the soldiers are stable, but not as disciplined as the emaciated legions of the Imperials. Nord is a steel-clad warrior who goes to meet his enemy's face. \n\nSkyrim yearns for war, even if he is not ready for it. Therefore, my king, gather the squads and young warriors to take away the no-man's land lying in the west. Our army will grow stronger and after years no one can give us a worthy rebuff in open battle, except perhaps the imperial legions and Breton knights. We will conquer the lands of Morrowind and Hammerfell, and then... perhaps the Third Empire is not so strong as before...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_WAY_TITLE}Welcome to Wayrest!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_WAY_BODY}"Long live the kings of High Rock!" \n\nMy lord, you are the ruler of Wayrest, the largest of human cities. Before you lies High Rock, a rich land of Bretons people, divided into small kingdoms - Camlorn, Northpoint, Daggeroll, Farrun, Orcs state Orsinium and many others. For centuries our kingdom has flourished and is still flourishing, but now, after the death of the great Lysandas and the Miracle of the World, it is time to unite High Rock not only as a common force, but as a kingdom with one king and banner. \n\nOur city is rich and strong, but the farther away from Wayrest, the more effort you will have to show to conquer the Bretons' lands. We will need to dominate Koegria and the Northpoint, before the young and ambitious Gothryd manages to do it, building cities and baronial land along the way. The city's treasury can afford a good army now, but for training our strongest warriors will have to establish an economy in Western, not controlled by us allotments. In addition, at our side are unpredictable orcs enjoying the blessing of the Empire, so maybe you should turn your eyes to Evermor and other lands of the Reach, until Gortwog guessed. We must act quickly, but neatly, to become first the strongest, and then the only power in High Rock. \n\nOur vassals now command strong enough, albeit a few armies, but for the first campaigns you will have to back them up with large militia forces and city guards. In order to form armies of staunch infantry and heavy cavalry, as the kingdoms were famous in the time of the War of Alliances, it will take years. Veterans of wars with the Redguards have already retired and do not want to fight, and in order for others to appear, recruits must pass through the flames of battles and long campaigns. Moreover, if the sovereign wants to turn to the guilds of magicians, he will have to spend a lot of money, and now it's important to properly enclose every septim. \n\nHigh Rock Army is a chivalry, an iron wave rushing to the enemy, these are battle mages, bringing down their spells on their enemies. Our infantry is strong enough and numerous, but more High Rock relies on the militia. Our soldiers are strong in defense, behind the wall of shields and swords, but the enemy cavalry we can only respond with the onslaught of their own, because landowners prefer infantry with spears detachments of swordsmen. \n\nAllies to my lord it is better to search for the river Bjoulsae. You should contact the heir of Cameron or Clan of Crowned in the south to protect yourself from the invasion of the Redguards. You can also negotiate with Gortwog until the Northpoint and Evermor are conquered, but those who betray their allies are unlikely to be respected in Tamriel...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_DAG_TITLE}Welcome to Daggerfall!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_DAG_BODY}"Long live the kings of High Rock!" \n\nMy lord, you are the ruler of Daggerfall, the richest of the human cities. Before you lies High Rock, a rich land of Bretons people, divided into small kingdoms - Camlorn, Northpoint, Wayrest, Farrun, Orcs state Orsinium and many others. For centuries our kingdom has flourished and is still flourishing, but now, after the death of the great Lysandus and the Miracle of Peace, it is time to unite High Rock not only as a common force, but as a kingdom with one king and banner. \n\nOur city is rich and strong, but the farther away from Daggerfall, the more effort you will have to show in order to conquer the lands of the Bretons. We will need to sweep from Anticler to the Northpoint, before Gortwog or the aged Eadwyre can do it, building cities and baron allotments along the way. The city's treasury can afford a good army now, but for training our strongest warriors will have to establish an economy in the northern, not controlled by us allotments. We must act quickly, without regard for losses, to become at first the strongest, and then the only power in High Rock. \n\nLord Brydwell and our other vassals now command strong armies, but for the first campaigns you will have to back them up by the militia and city guards. In order to form armies of staunch infantry and heavy cavalry, as the kingdoms were famous in the time of the Three Banners War, it will take years. Veterans of wars with the Redguards and conflicts of four years ago have already gone to rest and do not want to fight, and in order for others to appear, recruits must pass through the flames of battles and long campaigns. Moreover, if the sovereign wants to turn to the guilds of magicians, he will have to spend a lot of money, and now it's important to properly enclose every septim. \n\nHigh Rock Army is a chivalry, an iron wave rushing to the enemy, these are battle mages, bringing down their spells on their enemies. Our infantry is strong enough and numerous, but more than that High Rock relies on the militia. Our soldiers are strong in defense, behind the wall of shields and swords, but the enemy cavalry we can only respond with the onslaught of their own, because landowners prefer infantry with spears detachments of swordsmen. \n\nAllies are better off looking for my lord overseas. You should contact the heir of Cameron or the Clan of Crowned in the south to protect yourself from the invasion of the Redguards. You can also negotiate with Eadwyre until the Northpoint is conquered, but those who betray their allies are unlikely to be respected in Tamriel...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_CRW_TITLE}Greetings, mylord!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_CRW_BODY}"Only the brave survive in the deserts of Alik'r, only the faithful die for Hammerfell" \n\nRedguards are born warriors, serpents, who persistently follow the victim under the sun and attack suddenly, without giving the enemy an answer. We defeat the weakest and we defeat only the best. Then we learn the lesson and become the best. The best is the one who survived. The survivor hands out the best fighting technique. This allowed Na-Totambu for centuries to safely rule their lands, and so that everything continues, the soldiers of Hammerfell need to find the best fighting technique again. After all, Tamriel, after a brief lull, may again collapse into the abyss of war. And we need to be ready to strike. \n\nHammerfell in recent centuries was kneeling in front of the formidable Tamriel Empire. The years of Simulacrum weakened Cyrodiil and knocked money out of his treasury, and now Uriel and his Elder Council are feverishly trying to restore what Tarn destroyed. Is this not a good moment to remember our long-time enemies, Forebears, that the Crowns are a force to be reckoned with. Our claims are ready to be supported by the rulers of Taneth, Gilane and Rihad, which makes Llothun's positions not as stable as he would like. By squeezing the resources of these lands, we will assemble an army that will frighten the Forebears and force them to recognize our superiority, until the Empire can't protect them, dealing with the internal problems of Cyrodiil. \n\nThe eastern lands of Hammerfell decided to remain neutral in the maturing war, but this could end badly for everyone, because behind Elinhir, the farthest from the possessions of our allies, are the armies of the nordlings, ready to reiterate the power of Skyrim. We will have to reckon with them, while we will subjugate the east. Let's hope that the king will be long enough concerning with the nomads in Alik'r and the claims of Wayrest to this coast of Bjoulsae, so that we can grab as much as possible a piece in Craglorn and other eastern lands. Nords may not like it if we raise the banner of the Crowns over Dragonstar, but they will have to put up with it if we take the city before them. A good ally for us can be Eadwyre, who wants to press Llothun out of the the river and competes with loyal predecessors Daggerfall in High Rock. While we are at war with the king, we can also enlist the support of Skyrim, but it is difficult to say how long this union will last. \n\nThe army of our allies consists of strong infantry, but in the experience of strife our soldiers are inferior to the soldiers of the Forebears. The most formidable force of our army is a lightning and indestructible cavalry that can scare both the armies of Llothun and the legions of the Empire if Uriel turns attention to our conflict. It can help us if we go to war against Skyrim, but the cavalry can not help much in the siege and assault of cities. A wise general will always find the golden mean in the formation of his troops. \n\nNa-Totambu are ready to take what belongs to them, we just need to take the first step.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_FRB_TITLE}Welcome, my king!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_FRB_BODY}"Only the brave survive in the deserts of Alik'r, only the faithful die for Hammerfell" \n\nRedguards are born warriors, serpents, who persistently follow the victim in the sun and attack suddenly, without giving the enemy an answer. We defeat the weakest and we defeat only the best. Then we learn the lesson and become the best. The best is the one who survived. The survivor hands out the best fighting technique. This allowed the Ra'Gada to rule their lands for centuries without fear, and so that everything continued, the soldiers of Alik'r and Hammerfell should again find the best fighting technique. After all, Tamriel, after a brief lull, may again collapse into the abyss of war. \n\nSentinel and the nearby baronies belong to the Clan of Forebears, the ancient rulers of Hammerfell. Unlike the Clan of Crowned and all of their sympathizers, we do not shy away from the relationship with the Empire and recognize Cyrodiil as our rulers. Just two decades ago, we fought a bloody war with the kingdom of Daggerfall, but now these grievances are forgotten, and our dynasties peacefully coexist in a blood union. However, that defeat of King Camaron taught us that the Bretons should never be underestimated: although they seem at first glance to be weak and incapable of war, Breton kings will severely respond to anyone who encroaches on their land. But Daggerfall and Wayrest are separated with us by the bay, and the real danger is creeping from the south, because the Clan of Crowns, displeased with our rule, gathers landowners who have troops and money under their banners. Is Hammerfell waiting for war? \n\nIn our desolate land, the main revenue comes from silk trade and ore mining. The resources of the Dragontail mountains will allow us to secure a good army, and the fertile lands of Lainlin and Skaven will feed our people. It is necessary to enlist the support of the eastern landowners as soon as possible, before the Crownmen do it and looks at us from behind the Skyrim mountains. The Nordic countries can become for us both faithful allies and very dangerous enemies, for the Old Kingdom awakes from sleep and it is not known how it will behave if Cyrodiil loses its authority for it. In addition, it is necessary to have time to occupy Totambu, not to let the knights of the kingdom of Wayrest gain a foothold on this coast of Bjoulsae. Even if we support Eadwyre's military campaigns in the future, Hammerfell must remain completely under the control of the Redguards. \n\nOur army - these are strong warriors, who perfectly master the sword, impetuous in attack and persistent in defense. Our people do not wear such heavy armor as the Bretons or Nords prefer, in battle the Redguards rely more on cohesion and sharp blade. There are many excellent archers among us, and wage nomads and knights of Sentinel will be able to support the infantry with a good cavalry onslaught. This can help us in battle with the staunch but slow-moving armies of the Nords, but in the strength of the cavalry the army of Forebears is considerably inferior to the armies of the barons supporting the Clan of Crowned. \n\nRedguards, the greatest warriors of Tamriel, will lead the Clan of Forebears to victory.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_BLM_TITLE}Hist calls us to battle!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_BLM_BODY}"The Hist does not know pity, Argonia does not know fear!" \n\nTrees call the Argonian back to their swampy homeland. An-Xileel assures our clans that it's time to unite Argonia and strike the Dunmer while their gluttonous Great Houses quarrel with each other over the ash-covered lands of Vvardenfell. On this path the main problem is that the Black Marsh, as we are called in the rest of Tamriel, was never a great military power, nor a rich trade monopoly. We do not have a regular army and no strong fleet; Only when there is a serious threat, capable of harming our cities, we all take up arms and go into battle. We are strangers to ranks and generals, armor and formations - Argonia beats usurpers out of the shadows. \n\nTo take revenge on the enemies for years of oppression, we need not only trade allies, but also infrastructure. Black Marsh do not know the roads, forges and barracks - all these leaders must build independently, dispatching the cities. At first we will have to rely only on the militia, but we can not delay, because if we do not manage to unite clans of the Black Marsh in a short time, the greedy houses of Dres and Hlaalu will turn their eyes to the south. If they subjugate the northern cities of our homeland, they will cut down the sacred trees there, and our brothers will be enslaved and the Empire can not control Dunmers in the wilderness of Argonia. \n\nSoldiers of the future army of Black Marsh will fight in armor of leather and bones, because iron is an unfamiliar material to our folk and we do not have anywhere to get it. Saxheel has always been famous for dealing with a spear and bow, so the backbone of our army will be archers and spearmen. There are no horses or guars in the marshes, so in our ancestral lands we will not be able to maintain riders and our army will have to rely only on light cavalry to support the flanks of the Black Marshes troops. \n\nNatural restrictions do not allow us to fight on equal footing with the armies of the houses Indoril or Redoran, so if we want to take their lands, we will need to attack them with a quick onslaught, retreating at the right time, while our archers will bombard the enemy with arrows. Argonians need to keep the heavy infantry of enemies at a distance in order to successfully cope with large armies, and if the soldiers, encased in steel or bone, get to our ranks - attack them from the flanks and shower them with a hail of arrows. \n\nHaving been smart and built a strong and fast army, we will be able to take revenge on Morrowind during the years of oppression and finally build a strong state of Argonia.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_DGT_TITLE}We hail lord Dagoth Ur!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_DGT_BODY}"Sleepers ascending, my divine lord" \n\nLord Vorin Dagoth, Dagoth Ur, Slandered, Devotee, Thrice the Right, Seeing the Truth and the Liberator of Morrowind! Servants who see only a small part of your grand design, cry out to you. Morrowind rots, torn to pieces by gangs of robbers, mistakenly referring to themselves as Great Houses. At the head of all this chaos are the Three, the false gods, who are named as the Tribunal by the blind people of the Resdayn. Are the ones marked by corprus, your good touch, still have to sit in the shade, seeing how they torment the body of the once-splendid great land? \n\nWe live in darkness and ashes, hidden by the Red Mountain and Ghostfence build in fear of your truth . The heirs of the deceived Nerevar sit there, praying to their false demigods, so that your strength does not fall upon their deceitfully appropriated lands. We do not know trade, diplomacy and agriculture, but we do not need anything but dreams that lead us to victory over the age-old lies. The fire of Vvardenfell's heart awakens and soon the Ghostgate falls under the onslaught of those who see the truth. \n\nThe island is torn into tiny shreds deceived by the specific rulers of Redoran, Indoril, Hlaalu and Telvanni. Young rulers are fighting each other under the supervision of the Empire from distant Cyrodiil, which also rejects the truth of your mysterious dreams. Our faithful sleeping and blessed seers must wave to them from the spurs of the mountain, conquering the old and new cities of the island of Nerevar. Here there will be no worthy adversary, except for the legions of the Empire, sitting at the city erected by the liar Vivek - the pits of his narcissism. Yes, Redoran will stand to death for the ancient Ald'Ruhn, but the ranks of those who see your plan are numerous and fearless, and the entreaties of the deceived are empty and useless. The Sixth House can easily capture the island, if not to allow the bandits to sharpen their swords, but further houses can understand that they should stop civil strife and unite against a common enemy. Then the soldiers of the Sixth House need to be prepared for a serious war. \n\nOur army consists of three categories: slaves corrupted by corprus, that there are victims of your divine design, Dreamers, who see the path, and Sleepers, chosen, who can understand your plan and who helps you to make it real. We will bring down hordes of ashen creatures from the slopes of the Red Mountain to the deceived and blind, and the enemy will soon recover from this swift strike, he is attacked by Sleeper warriors, that they hold the weapons firmly in their blissful sleep, and spells from the hands of your faithful servants will finish what they started. Our army knows no fear and is not afraid of pain, but only two deceived forces pose a threat to us - a bow with arrows and a cavalry attack. Lords of the house of Dagoth need to protect their faithful soldiers from these formidable weapons of war. \n\nMay your will be done, Vorin Dagoth, the divine Lord Dagoth Ur!

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_ALD_TITLE}All hail Thalmor!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_ALD_BODY}"We are the ruler party of the Aldmeri Dominion, saviors of the mer!" \n\nMy lord, submissive to the imperial conquerors, the rulers are a thing of the past. It's Thalmor's time. It's time to conquer. \n\nAlinor and his younger brothers on Summerset and Auridon are rich and this wealth can only be multiplied. Let our armies now be dissolved and only small garrisons guard the pearls of the islands, we are ready for a hike to the north. Veterans of the War of Blue Divide will stand in one formation with young soldiers ready to fight and die for the freedom of the elves from the oppression of people and the overthrow of their false god Talos. \n\nWise men know that wars could be won only with money. Thalmor suggests sending his emissaries to the rich lands of the southern provinces in order to set up trade routes, but maybe we should look to Iliac Bay, where the blessed Auriel's eyes will not soon fall. In addition, we need to arrange the supply of food on our fertile land. It is only necessary for us to open new markets and they will immediately be flooded with abundance of goods. Show a little confidence and the future Aldmeri Dominion will soon become rich, and we will need wealth. We can only thank the gods and our wise ancestors for the beautiful lands of the altmers surrounded and protected by the sea, but water is our barrier to the conquest of Tamriel. Altmers will need money for a large fleet that can protect and transfer land expeditionary forces that will form the indestructible fist of Thalmor. \n\nAltmers are the highest race. The army of Alinor is the best in all of Tamriel. Imperials can boast of their legions as much as they like, but no one in a few months can master the skills that elves acquire over the years. Spear, sword, halberd, pike, bow or magic - for all there are their masters in the army, which will start the new Aldmeri Dominion. To match our mission, Altmer's armies are the strongest in the offensive, but if they wish they can organize a defense that is slightly inferior to the walls of the shields of the Imperial Legion. The light and fast cavalry is ready to support our infantry, over and over again crashing into the formation of the enemy and retreating before he has time to strike back, and the archers will be showered with a wave of arrows as soon as he moves in our direction. In addition, anyone who dares to challenge us will receive a wave of fire, which the best mages from Alinor, Firsthold and Crystal Tower will bring down on him. \n\nThe main enemy of the mighty Alinor is time. And although Altmer of the gods is given an inexhaustibly long life, now, my king, we must hurry. The first Thalmor forces landed on the coast of Valenwood and enlisted the support of small tribes, but before the best forest hunters accept us as their patrons, we must kill all their wayward leaders. To the east of them freedom-loving and unpredictable Khajiits bristled at each other, but both of their kingdoms can become a barrier to us when we go north, because cats will fight for their home to death. Only by crushing our former allies, blinded by excessive freedom and neglect, we, Thalmor, will be able to face the main enemy - the Empire. And so the time here is against us, because we must advance quickly to prevent her from having time to prepare ...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_BOS_TITLE}Valenwood calls the Wild Hunt!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_BOS_BODY}"Valenwood gives life - the Wild Hunt takes it!" \n\nThe tribes of Valenwood were never famous for their strong and large army. Only in the time of Haimon the Usurper, the wood elves managed to assemble a large army, but the main force of his army was the Daedra and the undead hordes, called by black magic. In times of wisdom and caution, we do not resort to such ugly spells and rely only on our own strengths. \n\nFor centuries we did not interfere in wars and did not attack first, but it seems that the time has come when you need to hit first before they hit you. A dark time, requiring dark things. \n\nThe Green Pact prohibits us from harming forests and plants and this wisdom imposes its limitations. Let us not rich, but treat our home with respect greater than our southern brothers to their own. Therefore, we will have to provide our army with iron and meat, and in order to buy wooden bows and arrows, we will have to establish extensive trade. We can negotiate with the imperial lords or brothers from Alinor, but it's difficult to say how long such a trade union will last. The human Empire and the Altmer kingdom may very soon want to return the former glory to vast conquests. You can look at the Khajiits, but it is unlikely that such actions will cause support from the leaders of the clans. There are human provinces in the north and dunmers in the northeast, but to reach them, we need a fleet, and the Green Pact does not allow building ships from wood, so we have to buy them expensive. \n\nChildren of forest have many foes: in the north the Empire is preparing to spread the dragon's wings, and in the south the salache looks at the sacred groves. The Khajiits did not forget the Five-Year War, and we can conclude any lasting alliances only overseas. But anyone who wants to desecrate the sacred forest will meet with our swords and arrows. \n\nBoiche are hunters, and the forest is our ally. The conquerors will meet a hail of arrows from behind the trunks of great trees, and it costs them to sneak deep into the forest - we attack them with swords and spears. The hunters of the boiche are quick and sudden, so a wise decision for any leader will constantly attack the enemy from the ambush by detachments of swordsmen and spearmen, while our pointed arrows will hit them from afar. The best of the best fighters master masterfully both with a sword and with a bow and are called Elden Wood warriors. On the plains, our weak in the defense army will be supported by riders and mounted archers. \n\nIf you want to occupy new lands for our people, the best reason for the war will be a reminder of the revenge of the kingdoms of Elsweyr. Anequina and Pelletine are not strong enough to fight back. In addition, you need to hurry with the conquest of small clans from the south, on which, not even an hour, the invaders will turn their eyes from the south. With our Alinor brothers always you have to be cautious: even if they are ready for an alliance, you can rest assured that it will last only as long as it is necessary for them...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_ORC_TITLE}Sons of Orsinium are ready!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_ORC_BODY}"Fear the children of Malacath, the true heirs of Orsinium!" \n\nOrsinium many times turned to ashes and each time the orcs rebuilt it. We are a strong people, accustomed to the battles and encirclement of enemies. We live in the mountains, taking advantage of their harsh gifts, and we bring our food to ourselves. Among us there are few farmers and seafarers, after all our lands are far from fields and the sea. The community of orcs means a community of wars and very soon our neighbors will have to recall what our main craft is. \n\nOrc lands are rich in ore. If we build the mines, we can get a lot of iron and orichalcum for forging armor and selling to merchants from Breton kingdoms. Before we can win fertile land, we will have to manage hunting and breeding animals, but orcs do not get used to deprivation. First of all, we will have to occupy the fields and hills of Portdun Creek, in the north from the Wrotgarian Mountains, so that our relatives can settle and build their houses there, drive pasture cattle and start cutting down forests. In addition, this place will give us access to the sea and the sea trade routes. Further, the people of Malacath can turn their eyes and their axes to the east, where there are weak Breton kingdoms, or to the north, to the Northpoint protected by mountains and sea, but it will be necessary earlier than the young Gothrid or old Eadwyre. In addition, going to the east, you need to watch out for more and waking from the long sleep of the Old Kingdom of the Nords. \n\nTwo Breton leaders sooner or later will get in touch with each other, it's a matter of time. Orcs can start trading with one of them, but they will not make good allies for our people, because when the opponent falls, the winner will certainly want to become the sole ruler of High Rock, so you can only negotiate with them by keeping your hand close to the ax. Our allies can become the Nords, if we do not move deep into the East, and prefer to settle on the river or in the Dragon Tail mountains in the south, or we can negotiate with the inhabitants of the desert if we challenge the soldiers of Skyrim. In both cases, rich lands and a good battle await us. The most successful ally for us can become the Redguard Clan of Crowned, but the old grievances between the Yokudans and the orcs are still too strong. \n\nOrc is a warrior with a sword or an ax. The bigger the sword or ax, the better for the orc. We do not like bows or spears and do not like to hide behind shields. The orc first enters the battle and leaves it first. In a fair battle on a hard ground, we have no equal either among the frail Bretons, nor among the dodgy Redguards, nor among the proud Nords, but a real danger to us can be a wave of cavalry sweeping away everything in its path, because many of our neighbors are famous for their warriors- riders, than the people of Malacath can not boast. We do not have cavalry and maybe have to let in the fortress of the Reachmen from the Reach, in order to at least counter something against the Bretons and Redguards, but if we encounter in battle with their infantry, there will be no equal. The orc is strong, strong and faithful to death. \n\nYour wise rule will lead the orcs to new lands, war and victory, King Gortwog gro-Nagorm. Gortwog gro-Orsinium!

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_RED_TITLE}Three blessings, master!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_RED_BODY}"A Redoran is a warrior whose duty is first to the Tribunal, second to House Redoran, and third to family and clan." \n\nThe Great Master, the council proposes a new strategy, in order to restore the former greatness to the most faithful of the houses of Morrowind. We are warriors, defenders of the faith, protectors of the holy places of the great people of Veloth, that honor the traditions of the family and clan. We did not fell to the empire, as hucksters from Hlaalu, we did not reject the values ​​of the Dunmer, as the apostates from Telvanni, we retained our appearance, unlike Indoril's unadjusted home. Our greatness has not died out yet, but we must admit that we are weakened. Now we must show Morrowind that his defenders will again be the first among equals. \n\nWe do not have such rich lands as Hlaalu, but we have access to the sea. Our lands can provide enough food to feed our soldiers, but we will have to invest money to build new roads and increase docks for trade with those who do not want war and foreign N'vahs. To protect cities on the mainland, we can muster a militia, but our strongest and youngest warriors now went to Vvardenfell to defend the holy places of our people and the ancient Ald'ruhn. We can not quickly build up new and well-equipped troops and train new warriors first of all, because the island of Red Mountain will soon turn into a boiling cauldron of civil strife that can not be stopped even by the Blessed Three. And Redoran will have to take part in them, becoming a shield of honor and a blade of faith for those who turned away from ALMSIVI. \n\nHlaalu occupy the richest lands on Vvardenfell and we will face them first. Fortunately, they do not know how to hold a sword so well, how to scratch their tongue, but they have many friends and money. The war with them will also mean a campaign against the usurpers from Cyrodiil, but here one must be cautious and quick in order not to fall under their blow from the capital, while lightning out their legions from the land of Resdayn. Our main allies can be the warriors fighting against the Argonians in the south and the merchants of the wealthy House Dres, but it's worth paying attention to Skyrim: if we can not agree with the Nordlings, we'll have to turn the sword against them, because they will do the same for us. In addition, one of our first goals should be the eradication of the herd of nomadic ashlenders settled on the spurs of the Red Mountain. \n\nOur soldiers are experienced, strong in handling sword, spear, bow and crossbow. Strength, honor and courage in battle are the main postulates of military glory. The infantry of Redoran can compete with the army of any of the Great Houses and, if it is led by wise commanders, even with the legions of the Empire. We do not have a strong cavalry, but by the standards of the Houses, our guarmen are much more powerful and trained than the unbridled militias of Hlaalu or Telvanni. If it is required, even our women will go into battle, after all warriors of Redoran's house are able to handle the sword much better than other money-bags. The best of our soldiers are called Warmasters, they are glorified and tempered in battles, and will scare off any enemy. We are strong in battle with any of the Great Houses, but our warriors did not fight enough with foreigners and it is not known how the war with Skyrim or the Empire will turn out for us. \n\nIt is time for Redoran House to regain its former strengths and lead the people of Morrowind to prosperity.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_TEL_TITLE}Greetings, archmagister!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_TEL_BODY}"The forceful expression of will gives true honor to the Ancestors." \n\nKnowledge is power, therefore Telvanni's house is strong. We do not have armies, like the Empire or the big treasury, like the rulers of High Rock. We have knowledge. House Telvanni has seen and knows more than any of the others. This is our strength. We know how it all began, we know how it will end. We will prevail. We will become a law, but in order to achieve this, we must understand the laws of our opponents. Tamriel is changing. A calm Empire begins to tremble and loosen up, the Great Houses begin to argue louder and louder with each other. It's time to act. \n\nOur house has never been engaged in trade. Our money is our strength and knowledge, a piece of which our neighbors always needed, but it's time to let us know that we are open to new proposals. The guard of our cities, towers and fortresses stands ready, but one guard is not enough for wars. Having built barracks and persuading all young magicians and mighty wizards that the time of war has come, we will be able to build an indestructible army that will sweep away its enemies before they realize that they were struck down. Around the Port Telvannis where are scattered old abandoned mines and perhaps it's time to re-enter the miners there to get a tangible income. \n\nOur lands are spread on the very edge of the Sacred East. The capital of the house, Port Telvannis, is protected by ancient magic and is surrounded by the sea. The fortresses in the north of Vvardenfell lie far from the territorial interests of the houses of Hlaalu, Redoran and Indoril, but are surrounded by camps of aggressive barbarians from ashen lands. Perhaps these areas of the ashlanders can be a good start for the expansion of our territory. Saint lands for the heirs of Indoril Nerevar are spread to the south of Praloris and everyone in Morrowind knows that their owners do not like us. Provocation will be a good reason to declare war, the only question is whether to wait until they strike first. In addition, not far from our lands on Vvarednfell stands Molag Mar and their holy city Vivek. If we conquer them - the Templars will lose their speed. \n\nWe don't have much friends, but the rulers of House Dres, which is far from our lands, can become them, and not very concerned about the issue of faith traders from the house of Hlaalu, in addition, Helseth has long bickered with Almalexia and Vivek in the question of whose authority in Morrowind is more is sacred. Redoran is as weak as he is proud, so negotiations with Skyrim can be a good move to set people on their fortresses. The aggression of the Nords was always easy to manipulate.
House Telvanni - is the house of magicians. If you try to unite all the wizards, randomly seeking power and competing with each other, you can forge an invincible, albeit demanding army. To support them in battle we can always recruit a cheap militia and guards or expensive mercenaries. Our best masters of the secret arts will sweep away any force while the soldiers restrain the enemy infantry. But one should never rely solely on magic - let our infantry not be so strong, yet an army of the weak is better, ready to hold on for a long time than a handful of daredevils, who will be overwhelmed by the numerous and disciplined army. \n\nOur knowledge of strength and weakness will help Great House Telvani gain power.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_HLA_TITLE}Welcome, my king!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_HLA_BODY}"To trade fairly and freely is to honor the Three." \n\nQuiet time ended, before it began. The Great House of Hlaalu must once again be steadfast in order to retain power in Morrowind. The king can not rule the divided land, where every man is his own master, the king must show the power of his own kind to the land of Resdayn, and in Tamriel only one good way is conceived for this - proof by the sword. \n\nHouse Hlaalu is rich and its lands are vast. We own the best continental territories, our colonies on Vvarenenfel occupy the fertile Bitter Coast, supported by allies from the Empire. Nobody challenges House Hlaalu, and who could? House Indoril and the Temple are not as strong as before, the House Redoran is mired in internal disputes and conservatism, House Telvanni is as always more concerned with the cares of other worlds, and House Dres looks at the free lands of the Black Marsh. No one represents a threat to us in Morrowind. Politically, of course. \n\nOn the rich lands of the house, the landlords are engaged in their own affairs, providing coffers with a flow of coins, in addition, any of our claims maintain an alliance with the Empire. Careful development will help us to keep the economy at a consistently high level and should immediately pay attention to the lands that lie at the border of Cyrodiil - Ald Marak and Andrenthis do not belong to anyone, and many who can occupy them if we do not do it first. In the seizure of new lands, both resoluteness and caution must be shown, but no one of the Great Houses should be allowed to equal us in terms of the size of the territories and the number of septims in the treasury, because in any war these are our main advantages. \n\nDepending on which House will challenge us first, and where our armies will move, we should choose our allies, but our most loyal ally is the Empire. The Legion will become an alarm for anyone who dares to challenge the authority of the Crown, but Hlaalu understands that if someone decides to take such a dangerous action, then he is ready to accept the Legion's blow. Therefore, we need to be ready for this. Of all the forces of Morrowind, the House Dres, going south, can be a support, but we need not only the upstarts from the continental part; On Red Mountain nightmares are more terrible than the troops of the Indorilian residents and the sleeping House can not be discarded from accounts. \n\nOur house can not boast of any better swordsmen, nor glorious knights, nor mighty magicians. The strength of Hlaalu is the size of his treasury and the unpretentiousness of his soldiers who know that no one else will pay more than Hlaalu. Perhaps the best solution for any commander will be to rely in battle on a balanced army of infantry, bowmen and light cavalry with spears and bows. On Vvardenfell we have quartered by the Emperor to guard Duke Vedam Dren elite units of legionnaires, but they will not be scattered by the most sensible decision. Perhaps a good help in meeting with a strong army of the enemy will be well-trained mercenaries, but we know more than anyone else that mercenary loyalty is measured in very large numbers of septims. \n\nMoney and the Empire are the main allies of Hlaalu, but only decisiveness leads to victory.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_DRES_TITLE}Three blessings, mylord!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_DRES_BODY}"To spread culture and truth to the benighted: this is our commitment and burden." \n\nHouse Dres learned to make money and learned not to make enemies. We are a cautious house. When one of the children of Veloth conceals an offense or brings a sword, he never turns his anger on the House Dres, because House Dres does not oppose anyone. In Morrowind, of course. You can not be great and do not earn any enemies. Now, perhaps, we need to learn how to make enemies, and make enemies so that out of hostility we will become victorious. \n\nTaltil Dres, our great ancestor, built the Great House on the slave trade. Let us have for a long time had to honor the law of the Empire, which offends the Morrowind tradition, dares to punish us for the right to live as the Dunmer lived for thousands of years, now Cyrodiil is too busy to pay attention to the House Dres affairs. It's time to pay attention to the south. The small lands in the West of Deshaan no longer give us the resources that are needed to maintain the status of the Great House. The most talented warriors of Dres must gather the others under their banner to go to the Black Marsh and remind the Argonians who are their masters. \n\nWe are faithful to the Temple and Three, but the house of Indoril, which is its shield, undergoes great changes, which can not be ignored. Perhaps soon we will have to choose between the faithfulness of ALMSIVI and the very existence of our House. Our interests do not yet intersect with other Great Houses, but perhaps, when we take possession of new lands in the Black Marsh, someone will want to hit us in the back. Care is always needed as soon as we wait, we can understand who can be our loyal ally: Hlaalu, if their authority does not shake, Telvanni, if they manage to take the lands of the Temple north of Mornhold or Redoran, if they break the Sixth House and again become respected force. But our main enemy in the south, where the Argonians rise from their dirty marshes with weapons in their hands, and their leaders whisper to them about the old offenses to the people of Veloth. If the lizards want to attack Morrowind, the house of Dres will have to be struck first. \n\nThe strength of our army is that it has no obvious weaknesses, but the weakness of our army is that it has no obvious strengths. Like all Great Houses, we have nowhere to take a strong cavalry: guars are hardy animals, but not fast. In the house of Dres, possession of the sword and spear, bow and magic are equally valued, but among us seldom are there great wizards, as in the house of Telvanni or the master of the sword, as in the house of Redoran. We can boast of a good militia and sturdy infantry, and our best slavehunters will terrify the dodgy Argonian shooters with swift and sudden attacks. Yes, our army is best suited to the war with the lizards, but we can also at any moment turn our forces against any of the Great Houses that dare to attack from our ancestral lands. \n\nLet the Three bless us in our campaign, which will bring great power to the Great House of Dres.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_IND_TITLE}Three blessings, lord Vivec!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_IND_BODY}"Justice knows no sleep: Indoril shall order, the Temple shall judge." \n\nWe are the House Indoril, the heirs of the great Nerevar, the defenders of the Temple and the stronghold of faith in the darkness that now enveloped Morrowind. While others obey the young and aggressive Empire trampling tradition, we wage a holy war for the soul of Morrowind and soon it will be time to raise the sword not only to punish the infidels, but also to defend Morrowind from the threat of annihilation through the eradication of our foundations by conquerors and the greed that entangled other Great Houses. It is time for Indoril House and the Three to declare the Sacred War to the external and internal enemy. The blood of ancestors requires fire and destruction. \n\nIn the heart of the holy land of Vvardenfell, the hordes of heretics, tormented by the curses of Sharmat, are raging, they are ready to attack the Ghost Gate, where the Buщyant Armigers of the Poet God are carrying their watch. We must do everything possible so that this fortress can detain the fallen troops of the Devil on the slopes of the Red Mountain for as long as possible. Our neighbors, the house of Hlaalu, bathe in the greatness brought by foreigners, their banner depict scales and they see themselves as great conciliators, as if there is something worthy of it. In the north, from the sacred Necrom, the atheists of the Telvanni house weave their bloody intrigues, trampling on the borders of our possessions. If it turns into a war - Indoril is ready to respond. Indoril is ready for a long time. \n\nOur lands are large plains in the east of Morrowind, quite rich and fertile, although we have not used all their wealth for a long time. The presence of the House on the island is limited only to Vivec, a small detachment in Molag Amur and the Ghost Gate garrison - all these lands lie far apart from each other and are separated by the cities of Hlaalu and the camps of heretical ashlanders who rejected the faith in ALMSIVI. This can be used, because no one will defend the renegade barbarians, if we decide to expel them from the camps and establish our settlements there. Such a move could be the first step towards the return of the greatness of House Indoril under the Tribunal. Then you can turn your blow to the rich lands of Hlaalu on the mainland and on the island, but you should be afraid of an open conflict with the Empire until we are properly prepared for it. \n\nThe House Indoril army is the Ordinators, the most faithful warriors in Tamriel, the melee masters able to withstand both the soldiers of the House Redoran and many of the units of the Imperial Legion. This army is capable of defeating the wretched troops of the houses of Hlaalu and Dres, even without numerical superiority, and if necessary, the best knights of the Order of War will enter the battle - the Mourning and High Ordinators, as well as Vvardenfell defenders Buoyant Armigers - Viveck's devoted swordsmen. These warriors can defeat even elite imperial detachments, considered to be unbreakable, although to train and prepare them for battle, years will pass. Traditionally for Morrowind, House Indoril can not put a good cavalry into battle, but among the other Great Houses, we rely on it, perhaps least. Among the Ordinators, the art of bow appears often, which allow us to sweep the rushing troops of our neighbors, is also very common. \n\nThree will lead the Indoril House to victory and its path is clearer than ever.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_ANQ_TITLE}Khajiits hail the King!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_ANQ_BODY}"The desert kills without pity, Khajiites are one with the desert" \n\nAbsurdity had become a necessity. The wisdom of the Khajiits allowed us to avoid long, bloody wars, because emperors and kings rarely take Elsweyr seriously, thinking that the Khajiit can not be a threat and do not fight according to the rules of the men. They are mistaken. After all, the power of Khajiits is that they can fight both according to the rules of men, and by their own, to which men and elves are not ready. \n\nAnequina is a many miles of warm sand, on which there are ancient cities and young settlements of Khajiit. The majestic Dune, the house of the king, and the vigilant Riverhold are guarding our borders. In the depths of the desert stretches forever the wayward city of Orcrest, who is not afraid of us, nor of the jellies of Pelletine. In the east stands Rimmen, who also does not like to recognize himself as part of Elsweyr. While they can sit inside their walls and not be afraid, but soon the Moons will notify us that it's time to start a war. It's time to fight the invaders or to become them yourself. Khajiits need to act quickly, because Anequina is not as rich in moon sugar and other goods as Pelletine. Have to take risks. \n\nBut the relatives of the forest Tenmar - are not last threat. Cyrodiil with his legions runs from side to side like a scalded kitten and it's hard to say whether their leaders will want to claim for our ancestral lands. In addition, in Valenwood forest elves are hiding, who have not forgotten our victory in the Five-Year War. They like to sting, like their arrows, painfully and suddenly. Of course, they can quarrel with their golden brothers from the big islands overseas, but no one said that having occupied their forest houses, altmers do not look in our direction. Therefore, the Khajiits need to quickly occupy free sands in the south, collect more jihatts inside the fortress walls and prepare. Prepare to attack or defend yourself. \n\nKhajiit can fight with both a sword and a spear, both on foot and on our stern Sench brothers. Such a cavalry will frighten any stranger, but our relatives from the south will not be surprised. Strong shields and strong mail coats have been prepared against them, although we do not like to wear those heavy and clumsy armor that all the Nords and Imperials shove. Khajiits like to quickly attack and quickly retreat in case of failure, or to entice a gullible enemy into a clever trap. If the enemy brings heavy armies to us, we simply hide in the sands and return, bringing with us more jihattas. Then we quickly attack and disperse this crowd of iron chests. \n\nThe Khajiits will defend the sands of Anequina with blood: their own and others.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_PEL_TITLE}Khajiits hail the Mane!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_PEL_BODY}"Tenmar is fraught with danger for the enemies of Elsweyr" \n\nAbsurdity had become a necessity. The wisdom of the Khajiit folk allowed us to avoid long, bloody wars, because emperors and kings rarely take Elsweyr seriously, thinking that the Khajiit can not be a threat and do not fight according to the rules of the men. They are mistaken. After all, the power of Khajiits is that they can fight both according to the rules of men, and by their own, to which men and elves are not ready. \n\nPelletine is the land of the great jungle, saturated with the sweet smell of the moon sugar. Here are the ancient Torval and Senchal, and at the very edge of the forest, beyond the Moon Paths, the city of Corinth is like a large dormant Pahmar watching the Anequina sands, for there is a threat now. Our brothers collect jihatts to unite the desert under one banner, but the indisputable authority of the Mane for them does not seem to mean anything. Under the cold light of the Two Moons, blood may soon be spilled. Pelletine is ready for this. \n\nOn our lands, we can trade silk which is so loved by men and elves and moon sugar, trading of which beyond the borders of Elsweyr can pretty much replenish our treasury with gold. Torval and Senchal can ship cargo-packed ships to the sea, which is inaccessible to our proud Anequina brothers. \n\nBut no matter how good it seems, Elsweyr is in danger. In the south of Valenwood, white ships landed with hundreds of gold warriors in golden armor. The high elves have shown their love for war more than once, and until they don't know what to do with their forest relatives, their commanders may well turn in our direction and the armies covered with gold, with gold swords and arrows, will approach the walls of Torval . With such an opponent, the jihatts of Pelletine will be difficult to fight, but we are not accustomed to difficulties. While the elves did not turn their shining blades toward us, one must take the Moon Path that lead to Corinth and unite the territories of Pelletine. In addition, we should always look at our brothers in the desert. \n\nKhajiit can fight with both a sword and a spear, both on foot and on our stern Sench brothers. Our cavalry will frighten any stranger, but the Anequina brothers are much more skilled horsemen than the inhabitants of the forest and always have to keep their eyes in battle with them. Their mail armor and shields are better than ours, but they make their jihatts more sluggish, and the soldiers of Pelletine have always been famous for the speed and accuracy of the strike. Our military tricks will mislead not only the more desperate brothers, more familiar to human tactics, but also the visionary altmers. In addition, our arrows can sting no worse than the arrows of the forest hunters of Valenwood, which will give us help in any battle. \n\nOur tricks will protect Pellitine from any foe.


{BLACKWOOD_TITLE}Blackwood Company
{BLACKWOOD_BODY}YOU MAY BUILD BLACKWOOD HEADQUARTERS IN THESE SETTLEMENTS: LEYAVIIN, BORDERWATCH, BRAVIL, FORT NASO, FORT CUPTOR, FORT DUBLECROSS,  RIMMEN, DUNKORI WALK, ALBASTER, ALD MARAK, GIDEON, HELSTROM, STORMHOLD, TENIMAR, GREENGLADE, GREENSPRING, ROCKGROVE \n\n The Fighters Guild has been an institution in Tamriel for as long as most anyone can remember. These brave men and women have, for countless years, always been available to do those jobs that the average citizen is simply not qualified to handle. Whether it be ridding a homeowner of a plague of rats or rescuing a wayward scholar, the Fighters Guild has always been available for anyone with enough coin to pay their modest fees. Now, however, it seems that the Fighters Guild is not the only game in town.\n A new group has recently been making a lot of waves in Cyrodiil. They call themselves the Blackwood Company, and they've let it be known that they'll handle any job that the Fighters Guild will, and many that they won't.\n While the Fighters Guild has always maintained the strictest standards on both the quality of their members and the legality of the contracts they accept, the Blackwood Company makes none of the same claims. They have no screening process when accepting new members, and they seem willing to accept any contract, assuming one can afford the price tag.\n Some have questioned the Blackwood Company's methods. They are rumored to be reckless and indiscriminant. Many have spoken of needless damage to person and property during the fulfillment of a contract. None of those we spoke to were willing to go on the record for this article.\n What the future holds for this upstart group remains to be seen. Are they the perfect solution for a quickly changing world? Will their methods force the Fighters Guild to adopt more lenient business practices? Only time will tell. Until then, if you need a job done, and the Fighters Guild won't do it, check with your local Blackwood Company!

{DAEDRA_HINT_TITLE}Oblivion Crisis script

{DAEDRA_HINT_BODY}Do you want to enable Oblivion Crisis script? In case of its switching-on, there will be an invasion of Oblivion on 140-150 turns . \n\n Click "yes" to enable the script or "no" to disable it.

{DAEDRA_HINT_DECLINED_TITLE}Oblivion Crisis script

{DAEDRA_HINT_DECLINED_BODY}Oblivion Crisis script was successfully disabled.

{DAEDRA_HINT_ACCEPTED_TITLE}Oblivion Crisis

{DAEDRA_HINT_ACCEPTED_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. 27th of the Last Seed. Night. Night of blades. In course of few hours whole royal line of Septims was ended. First fell sons of the emperor – crown prince Geldall and his brothers, princes Enman and Ebbel. Emperor Uriel Septim VII himself, guarded by the loyal Blades, attempted escape from the Imperial City, going through secret routs build in the times of the Ayleids. Even this precautions brought nothing -- emperor was tracked down and killed by the sect calling itself “Mythic Dawn”. Only person who escaped the slaughter is former prisoner wielding Amulet of Kings, which was given to him by the dying Septim ruler. \n\n The night before, just under the wars of Kvatch, great gates leading to Deadlands, Oblivion domain of Mehrunes Dagon, Prince of Destruction, were opened, and through them swept endless hordes of demons and Dremora legions. It seems that emperor’s dreams were correct after all. Without rightful ruler sitting on the Ruby Throne the Dragonfires are unlit -- for the first time since the fall of Reman dynasty -- leaving forces of Oblivion a free way to Tamriel. Mehrunes Dagon himself is said by the Mythic Dawn to arrive and claim mortal world as his own. All hopes now lie upon the shoulders of anonymous prisoner who holds ancient Amulet of Kings, symbol of covenant between Divines and  mortals. Rumors say that bastard son of late Uriel was discovered -- this Martin Septim was saved by the Blades and remains last candle of hope in the growing darkness. Only united mortals will be able to defeat Mehrunes Dagon and save Tamriel from destruction!

¬_____________________________________________GREETINGS 4E___________________________________________

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_EMP_TITLE}Welcome, Your Imperial Majesty!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_EMP_BODY}"Long live the Emperor, may the Empire be eternal!"
\n\nNow, in 4E 201, most of our legions have been recalled from the provinces. Legions directly controlled by us are now housed mainly on the southern border of Cyrodiil. The Great War did great damage to our power.
\n\nLegates say that in the event of a new war, the first units of legionnaires can be assembled and prepared for the defense of the province and further offensive in just a few months, but now the cities and forts are guarded mainly by the militia. Therefore, we need to organize legion quarters in large settlements and forts as quickly as possible so that lightly armed detachments of legionnaires and city guards can protect our lands before we can form a powerful foundation of our army, consisting of trained and ready for battle legionaries. According to the assurances of legates and military advisers, this can take about two years, so you can’t hesitate. The Aldmeri Dominion and his allies is gaining strength, a conflict between the Forebears and the Crowns is brewing again in Hammerfell, and jarl Ulfric Stormcloak murdered his high king Torygg of Haafingar, and declared a rebellion against the Empire!
\n\nTo prepare the troops for possible threats, our advisers also suggest giving farmers new lands in Colovia and Nibenay, since the current fields are too small to provide a strong army with surplus food. In addition, we need to expand commodity markets, pave new roads and support the treasury of free merchants who are currently reluctant to leave the cities.
\n\nOur empire has long relied on the tactics and strategy of imperial legions. These troops are swift, mobile and strong, able to withstand any fast army, heavy infantry or cavalry. Legionnaires are taught how to handle a sword, spear, halberd and bow, so the legion relies on strong detachments of staunch infantry and bowmen covering it. Also, the main line of infantry is ready to be supported by battle magicians, turning fireballs and light cavalry attacking enemies from the flanks onto enemies' heads. The Imperial Legion is a disciplined and steadfast army, equally strong in defense and offensive. If the legions are unable to respond in time to a sudden attack by the enemy, generals can always turn to military guilds and chivalrous capitals, providing reserves with strong offensive infantry.
\n\nCyrodiil now does not have a strong army to keep the provinces in check, but if Your Majesty competently manages the entrusted resources, then in two or three years we will have formed several imperial legions ready for battle. Our strategic priorities are the establishment of logistics and the suppression of unrest in preparation for a new war. In addition, our presence is very needed in Skyrim, for Ulfric and his stormcloaks are challenging the Ruby Throne...
\n\nOf course, the last word is always yours, My Emperor...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_SKY_TITLE}Honour the High King!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_SKY_BODY}"Stay strong, High King, to the glory of all Skyrim!"
\n\nFor twenty-five years, the sons of Skyrim have been sitting in their homes, not picking up weapons. Jarls cost small squads to guard the borders and fight bandits, and peasants in villages often rely on their own. But this must be put to an end. The Old Kingdom is more fertile than ever, and if we use our lands wisely, Skyrim will soon rise and become a force that even the Aldmeri Dominion must reckon with. The reach of the Fatherland is harsh and cold, but the fields provide enough food, and mines provide enough gold and iron to prepare for a new war.
\n\nOf course, before jarls and tans gather an army worthy of Wulfhart or Ysgramor, time must pass. Those who once participated in the Great War are now old or have long feasted at Sovngard, revered by their descendants. For some time, the jarlsand tans will have to rely on their squads and city guards, but Whiterun can turn his attention and gold to Jorrvaskr, where the mighty Companions are eager for battle. In the mountains of Reach, the richmen tribes also hang out; an unreliable, weak and unworthy ally to stand shoulder to shoulder with the best men of Tamriel, but in modern times it is often necessary to do with what is. In addition, war is ripening in the east of our territories - the traitor Jarl Ulfric Stormcloak from Windhelm openly declared the independence from the Empire. He challenged our high king Torygg and deceitfully murdered him, using some magic tricks. And what's worse... many shortcuts in the east supported him. Torygg's sons are still too young, therefore it is up to you, our queen regent Elisif the Fair, to protect the high kingdom and it's heir, and to bring justice to the unworthy eastern jarls.
\n\nSkyrim has no allies among its neighbors except the Empire in the south. The Redguards harbored grievances over past wars, and the dark elves from House Redoran are too proud and pious to accept the Nordic warriors as equals. In addition, the lands of the Redguards on the border with the Fatherland are now poorly protected and the clans of the Forerbears and Crowns are not very respected - a good start for the war for new lands, but in this case we will have to hurry until they are taken away by the orcs from the new Orsinium who settled in the Dragontail Mountains. Do not forget that the greenskins are now scattered along the borders of our kingdom, having founded their fortresses in the mountains. Beyond the Druadach mountains lie the rich but fragmented cities of the Bretons, who can also offer their new king gold and people if he decides to take them by force. The Skaal brothers, masters of the sword and bow, who honor our ancient ancestors, live in their villages at Solstheim - taking them under our care will be a noble act. But first of all, my king, we need to make sure of the loyalty of our own vassals, because many eastern holdings support the ideas of Jarl of Windhelm.
\n\nThe ancestors taught us to fight face to face with the enemy, so the Nords have long been famous for heavy infantry, armed with swords, axes and hammers. Many soldiers prefer two-handed weapons, archery is considered a worthy military occupation. Less commonly in the army are spearmen or horsemen. The army of men of the north is a wave sweeping everything in its path and the soldiers prefer to rush into battle, rather than wait until it comes to them, the soldiers of the rack, but not as disciplined as the emashed Imperial legions. Nord is a warrior chained in high-grade steel, walking towards his opponent. Do not forget that if we remain faithful to the Empire, in the event of the Windhelm riot, the southern ally will send us help.
\n\nSkyrim longs for war, even if she is not ready for it. Therefore, my queen regent, gather squads and young warriors to take away the no man's land lying in the west and put the kingdom together. Our army will grow stronger and after years no one will be able to give us a decent rebuff in open battle, except, perhaps, the imperial legions and the Breton knights. We will conquer the lands of Morrowind and Hammerfell, and then ... maybe the Mede Empire is not as strong as before...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_STC_TITLE}Hail the jarl Ulfric!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_STC_BODY}"We are the faithful sons and daughters of Skyrim, and Ulfric ... he is the most faithful."
\n\nThe real Sons of Talos are the Nords who will fight for their freedom and faith. For the elves to never rule over men, for our native home, Skyrim, the Fatherland, the first kingdom of men. Nords do not flee from war. Nords fight, die, and achieve their goal. Now our homeland is being eaten by worms and vultures, a miserable, rotting, Empire and the Thalmor. We are no longer willing to endure.
Our leader is Ulfric Stormcloak, the hero of the Great War, the crusher of the Fornsworn, the Bear of Markarth, whose Voice plunges the enemies into horror. He will raise to battle us, his brothers - the Stormcloaks, who are ready to give their lives for the freedom of Skyrim. Our harsh but faithful land saturated with the blood of great ancestors — Olaf, Jorunn, Wulfhart, Ysgramor and many other great warriors — will help us in this. The wealth of our faithful allies from Riften, Dawnstar and Winterhold will help us in this.
\n\nOld and young, all the warriors of our land will rise to battle. Among them there will be both very green youths and veterans. Our warriors will fight with a sword and shield, spear and hammer, foot and horse. We will fight the invaders face to face, and attacking from the shadows, all of a sudden. Not a single legion can resist our strength, although we shall not recklessly believe in our invulnerability - in terms of discipline and resistance in defense, our troops are inferior to the armies of usurper elves and imperials, as well as the troops of Haafingar and it's jarls that they trained, but we compensate this with valor and onslaught. Our trump card is time, because while the fosterlings of the Thalmor are cautiously glancing at us, we can fight the war, and deal a decisive blow and advance to the west.
\n\nDoubters may ask - what are we fighting for? We fight for those who died on foreign soil. We fight for their wives and children, whose names we heard whispered in their last breath. We fight for we few who did come home, only to find our country full of strangers wearing familiar faces. We fight for our people impoverished to pay debts of an Empire too weak to rule them, yet brands them criminals for wanting to rule themselves. We fight so that all the fighting we've already done hasn't been for nothing. We fight... because we must. We will fight to the death. \n\nSkyrim will be free... down with the Emperor...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_WAY_TITLE}Welcome to Wayrest!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_WAY_BODY}"Long live the kings of High Rock!"
\n\nMy lord, you are the ruler of Wayrest, the largest of the human cities. Before you lies High Rock, the rich land of the Breton people, divided into small kingdoms - Northpoint, Daggerfall, Farrun and many others. For centuries, our kingdom was prosper and still prosper, but now, after Tamriel was shocked by the Great War, it is time to unite High Rock not only as a common force, but also as a kingdom with one king and a banner.
\n\nOur city is rich and strong, but the farther from Wayrest, the more efforts you will have to show in order to conquer the lands of the Bretons. We will need to subjugate Coegria and Northpoint before the young and ambitious king of Daggerfall manages to do this, building cities and baronial allotments along the way. The treasury of the city can afford a good army now, but in order to train our strongest warriors, it will be necessary to establish the economy in Western allotments that are not under our control. In addition, unpredictable orcs are sitting at our side, enjoying the blessing of the Empire, so maybe you should turn your eyes to Evermor and other lands of the Reach, until Gortwog or King Thorygg do this. We must act quickly, but carefully, to become first the strongest, and then the only power in High Rock.
\n\nOur vassals now command quite strong, albeit few, armies, but for the first campaigns you will have to reinforce them with large militia forces and city guards. It will take years to form armies from the staunch infantry and heavy cavalry that the kingdoms were famous for during the Three Banners War. The Great War veterans have already retired and do not want to fight, but for others to appear, recruits must go through the flame of battles and long campaigns. Moreover, if the overlord wants to turn to the guilds of magicians, he will have to spend a lot of money, and now it is important to invest each septim correctly.
\n\nThe High Rock army is knightage, rushing against the enemy with an iron wave, these are war magicians who cast their spells on enemies. Our infantry is strong enough and numerous, but to a greater extent High Rock relies on the militia. Our warriors are strong in defense, behind a wall of shields and swords, but we can answer the enemy cavalry only with the onslaught of our own, because bannerlord prefer swordsmen to infantry with spears.
\n\nIt is better to look for allies to my lord across the Buuls river. You should turn to the ruler of Sentinel or  Clan of Crowns in the south to protect ourselves from the Redguard Invasion. You can also agree with Gortwog until the Northpoint and Evermor are conquered, but those who betray their allies are unlikely to be respected in Tamriel...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_DAG_TITLE}Welcome to Daggerfall!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_DAG_BODY}"Long live the kings of High Rock!"
\n\nMy lord, you are the ruler of Daggerfall, the richest of human cities. Before you lies High Rock, the rich land of the Breton people, divided into small kingdoms - Northpoint, Wayrest, Farrun and many others. For centuries, our kingdom was prosper and still prosper, but now, after Tamriel was shocked by the Great War, it is time to unite High Rock not only as a common force, but also as a kingdom with one king and a banner.
\n\nOur city is rich and strong, but the farther from Daggerfall, the more efforts you will have to show in order to conquer the lands of the Bretons. We will need to rush from Anticlere to Northpoint before the Wayrest vassals have time to do this, building cities and baronial allotments along the way. The treasury of the city can afford a good army now, but in order to train our strongest warriors, it will be necessary to establish the economy in northern allotments that are not under our control. We must act quickly, ignoring the losses, in order to become first and strongest, and then the only power in High Rock.
\n\nOur vassals now command strong armies, but for the first campaigns you will have to reinforce them with militias and city guards. It will take years to form armies from the staunch infantry and heavy cavalry that the kingdoms were famous for during the Three Banners War. The Great War veterans have already retired and do not want to fight, but for others to appear, recruits must go through the flame of battles and long campaigns. Moreover, if the overlord wants to turn to the guilds of magicians, he will have to spend a lot of money, and now it is important to invest each septim correctly.
\n\nThe High Rock army is knightage, rushing against the enemy with an iron wave, these are war magicians who cast their spells on enemies. Our infantry is strong enough and numerous, but to a greater extent High Rock relies on the militia. Our warriors are strong in defense, behind a wall of shields and swords, but we can answer the enemy cavalry only with the onslaught of our own, because bannerlords prefer swordsmen to infantry with spears.
\n\nIt is better to seek allies for my lord overseas. You should turn to the ruler of Sentinel or Clan of Crowns in the south to protect ourselves from tthe Redguard invasion. You can also negotiate with Wayrest until the Northpoin is conquered, but those who betray their allies are unlikely to be respected in Tamriel...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_CRW_TITLE}Greetings, mylord!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_CRW_BODY}"Only the brave survive in the deserts of Alik'r, only the faithful die for Hammerfell"
\n\nRedguards are born warriors, snakes that relentlessly follow the victim under the sun and attack suddenly, not allowing the enemy to respond. We defeat the weakest and lose only the best. Then we learn the lesson and become better. The best is the one who survived. The best techniques are passed by survivors. This allowed Na-Totambu to rule its lands without fear for centuries, and in order for this to continue, the Hammerfell warriors need to find the best fighting technique again. Tamriel, after a brief lull, may again collapse into the abyss of war. And we need to be prepared to strike.
\n\nIn recent centuries, Hammerfell has been on his knees before the Empire, but now that we are independent of them and driven elves out of our lands, is it time to remind our long-standing enemies that the Crownы are a force to be reckoned with? The rulers of Taneth, Gilane and Rihad are ready to support our claims. Squeezing the resources of these lands, we will assemble an army that will frighten the Forebears, Imperials and even Altmers and force them to recognize our strength.
\n\nThe eastern lands of Hammerfell decided to remain neutral in a brewing war, but this may end badly for everyone, because behind Dragonstar, the farthest from the possessions of our allies, the orcs rebuilt their Orsinium again and can invade the Craglorn steppe at any time. We will have to reckon with them while we subjugate the east. Let's hope that the king will deal long enough with the nomads in Alik'r and Wayrest's claims on this shore of Bjoulsae, so that we can grab the largest possible piece in Craglorn and other eastern lands. The Nords may not like it if we raise the banner of the Crowns above Dragonstar, but they will have to put up with it, especially since now they themselves are on the verge of a Civil War. King of Wayrest, who competes with Daggerfall in High Rock, can become a good ally for us. While we are at war with the king, you can also enlist the support of Skyrim, but it is difficult to say how long this alliance will last.
\n\nThe army of our allies consists of strong infantry, but in the experience of guards our soldiers are inferior to the soldiers of the Forebears. The most formidable force of our army is lightning fast and indestructible cavalry, which can scare both the Thalmor army and the legions of the Empire if Titus Mede pays attention to us. She can help us if we go to war against Skyrim, but cavalry can do little to help with the siege and assault on cities. A wise commander will always find a middle ground in the formation of his troops.
\n\nWe are ready to take what belongs to Na-Totambu, you only need to take the first step.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_FRB_TITLE}Welcome, My King!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_FRB_BODY}"Only the brave survive in the deserts of Alik'r, only the faithful die for Hammerfell"
\n\nRedguards are born warriors, snakes that relentlessly follow the victim under the sun and attack suddenly, not allowing the enemy to respond. We defeat the weakest and lose only the best. Then we learn the lesson and become better. The best is the one who survived. The best techniques are passed by survivors. This allowed Ra'gada to rule their lands without fear for centuries, and so that this would continue, the warriors of Alik'r and Hammerfell needed to find the best fighting technique again. Tamriel, after a brief lull, may again collapse into the abyss of war.
\n\nSentinel and nearby baronies belong to the Clan of Forebears, the ancient rulers of Hammerfell. Unlike the Crowns and all their sympathizers, we do not shy away from relations with the Empire, because they helped us to expel the Thalmor from our lands. The Great War rallied us with the Crowns, but who knows how long our union will last now that so many years have passed and many veterans have already set off for the Far Shores?
\n\nIn our desert land, silk and mining are the main sources of income. The resources of the Dragontail Mountains allow us to provide ourselves with a good army, and the fertile lands of Laynlin and Skaven will feed our people. It is worth getting the support of the eastern bannerlords as soon as possible, before the Crowns and orc clans sitting in the mountains do it. Nords can become for us both faithful allies and very dangerous enemies, because the Old Kingdom is ready to wallow in the abyss of a civil war and it is not known how it will behave if Cyrodiil loses its authority for it. In addition, you need to have time to occupy Totambu in order to prevent the knights of the Kingdom of Wayrest from gaining a foothold on this shore of Bjoulsae. Even if we support king’s military campaigns in the future, Hammerfell must remain completely under Redguard control. Now the most important thing is to unite our country and prepare to fight back the Dominion or the raging Orsinium.
\n\nOur army consists from strong warriors who wield a sword, fast in attack and resistant in defense. Our people don’t wear such heavy armor as the Bretons or the Nords prefer; in battle, Redguards rely more on unity and a sharp blade. There are many excellent archers among us, and the hired nomads and knights of Sentinel will be able to support the infantry with a good cavalry charge. This can help us in the battle with the staunch but slow armies of the Nords, but in the strength of the cavalry the army of the Forebears is significantly inferior to the troops of the barons supporting the Crowns.
\n\nRedguards, the greatest warriors of Tamriel, will lead the Clan of the Forebears to victory.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_BLM_TITLE}An-Xileel calls us to battle!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_BLM_BODY}"The Hist does not know pity, Argonia does not know fear!"
\n\nThe trees call Argonians back to their marshy homeland. An-Xileel is gaining power every day, the Argonian army is growing stronger. We have already shown the Dunmer once that they greatly underestimated us. Now it is time to finally crush the dying Morrowind, while the Great Houses are doing what they do best - biting each other.
\n\nIn order to prepare for the destruction of Morrowind, we need to take the last step towards the unification of Black Marsh. Few tribes, such as the Laga-Hui rebels, still fight against unitedArgonia, but their disobedience can become a problem, because the dark elves will take advantage of this turmoil in any case. Although we have many experienced soldiers, for the time being when forming new armies, for the most part, we will have to rely on the militia, since the An-Xileel warriors now guard the heart of our country. In addition, our lands on the northern borders require new infrastructure.
\n\nThe soldiers of the army of Black Marsh are fighting in armor made of leather and bone, because iron is an alien material to us and we have nowhere to mine it. Saxheel had always been famous for handling spears and bows, so the bowmen and spearmen serve as the basis of our army. There are no horses in the swamps, so on our ancestral lands we will not be able to keep riders and our army will have to rely only on light cavalry to support the flanks of the Black Marsh. Although in the first centuries of the Fourth Era we lost the Order of Shadowscales, who served as the elite of the Argonian army, we now have a strong infantry replacing them, capable of repelling even Redoran soldiers.
\n\nDunmers gradually realize that a new threat is approaching from the south, so if we want to take their land, we will need to attack them with a quick onslaught, retreating at the right time, while our archers will bombard the enemy with arrows. Argonians need to keep the heavy infantry of enemies at a distance in order to successfully cope with large armies, and if warriors chained in steel or bone get to our ranks - attack them from the flanks and bring a howl of arrows.
\n\nBy being smart and building a strong and fast army, we can create the strongest realm in Tamriel and send the Dunmer to their false gods.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_ALD_TITLE}All hail Thalmor!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_ALD_BODY}"We are the ruler party of the Aldmeri Dominion, saviors of mer!"
\n\nMy lord, rulers submissive to imperial conquerors are a thing of the past. The time has come for the Thalmor. The time has come for conquest.
\n\nAlinor and his younger brothers on Summerset and Auridon are rich and this wealth can only be multiplied. Although our armies suffered losses in the Great War and only small garrisons guard the pearls of the islands, we are ready to march north. War veterans will stand in line with the young warriors who are ready to fight and die for the freedom of the elves and to erase man from reality, as our doctrine tells us.
\n\nThe wise know that money wins in the first place. Thalmor suggests sending it's emissaries to the rich lands of the southern provinces in order to establish trade routes, but maybe we should turn our eyes to the Iliac Bay, where the eyes of those blessed by Auriel will not fall soon. In addition, we need to arrange the supply of food on our fertile land. As soon as we open up new markets, they will be inundated with an abundance of goods. Show a little confidence and Aldmeri Dominion very soon will become even richer, and we need wealth. We can only thank the gods and our wise ancestors for the fact that the beautiful lands of the Altmers are surrounded and protected by the sea, but water is our barrier to the conquest of Tamriel. Altmers will need money for a large fleet that can protect and transfer ground expeditionary forces, which will form the indestructible fist of the Thalmor, because many of our ships were destroyed in the war against the Redguards.
\n\nAltmers are the highest race. Alinor’s army is the best in all of Tamriel. Imperials can boast of their legions as much as they want, but not a single person in the wretched months can master the arts that elves have acquired over the years. A spear, a sword, a halberd, a spade, a bow or magic - all have their own masters in the army, which will usher in the new Aldmeri Dominion. To match our mission, the Altmer armies are the most powerful in the offensive, but if they wish, they can organize a defense that is slightly inferior to shield walls of the Imperial Legion. The light and quick cavalry is ready to support our infantry, crashing into the enemy’s ranks over and over, and retreating before he can strike back and the archers bring a wave of arrows as he moves in our direction. In addition, anyone who dares to challenge us is waiting for a wave of fire, which will bring down the best magicians from Alinor, Firsthold and Crystal Tower.
\n\nThe main enemy of the mighty Alinor is time. And although Mer have been endowed with an inexhaustibly long lifespan by the gods, now, my king, we must hurry. Thalmor colonies in southern Valenwood allow us to keep the Bosmer kingdoms in check, but there is nothing worse than fighting the tired but disciplined Empire through puppets. Only by taking full control of our allies, blinded by excessive freedom and neglect, will we, Thalmor, be able to confront the main enemy - the Empire. And so the time here is against us, because we must advance quickly to prevent her from getting ready...

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_BOS_TITLE}Valenwood calls the Wild Hunt!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_BOS_BODY}"Valenwood gives life - the Wild Hunt takes it!"
\n\nThe tribes of Valenwood were never famous for a strong and large army. Only in the time of the Usurper did the forest elves manage to assemble a large army, but the main force of his army were daedra and undead hordes called upon by black magic. In times of wisdom and caution, we do not resort to such disgusting charms and rely only on our own strengths.
\n\nFor centuries, we did not intervene in wars and did not attack first, but it seems that the time has come when you need to to hit first before they hit you. Dark time requiring dark deeds.
\n\nThe Green Pact forbids us to harm forests and plants, and this wisdom imposes its limitations. Although we are not rich, we treat our home with respect greater than our southern brothers do with our own. Therefore, we will have to provide our army with iron and meat, and in order to buy wooden bows and arrows, we will have to establish extensive trade. Now we are in the same boat with the brothers from Alinor, but how long such an alliance will last is difficult to say, as well as how honest it is towards us. The Human Empire and the Altmer Kingdom may very soon want to take complete control of the Valenwood forests, because for both of them this will be a huge step towards the final victory over the enemy. You can look at the Khajiit, but it is unlikely that such actions will cause support among the leaders of the clans and the Dominion. There are human provinces in the north and Dunmeri in the northeast, but to get to them, you need a fleet, and the Green Pact does not allow ud to build ships from wood, so we have to buy them expensive. In addition, our great king Kaltos is aging, and perhaps soon Y’ffre will take him, and no one knows how his descendants will rule.
\n\nThe children of the forest have many enemies: in the north, the Empire is preparing to spread its dragon wings again and avenge its enemies for the humiliation of the Great War, and in the south the eagles look at the sacred groves with greed, wanting to finally take their hands on it. The Khajiit have not forgotten their long-standing grievances, and any unions can hardly be called durable. But anyone who wants to desecrate the sacred forest will meet with our swords and arrows.
\n\nBoichi are hunters, and the forest is our ally. The conquerors will be greeted by a howl of arrows from behind the trunks of great trees, and if they poke deep into the forest, we attack them with swords and spears. Boichi hunters are quick and sudden, so a wise decision for any leader will constantly attack the enemy from ambush with swords and spearmen, while our arrows will hit them from afar. The best of the best fighters masterfully use both the sword and the bow and are called Warriors of the Wild forest. On the plains, our army weak in defense can be supported by units of horsemen and horse archers.
\n\nIf you want to occupy new lands for our people, the best reason for war will be a reminder of revenge on the kingdoms of Elsweyr. Anequina and Pellitine are not strong enough to repulse us. In addition, you need to hurry with the conquest of all free tribes, until they become slaves of Alinor. We always need to be careful with our Alinor brothers: there is no doubt that our union will last only as long as they need it and if we do not come to our senses, we will soon become slaves.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_ORC_TITLE}Sons of Orsinium are ready!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_ORC_BODY}"Fear the children of Malacath, the true heirs of Orsinium!"
\n\nOrsinium had been turned to ashes for many times and each time the orcs rebuilt it. We are a strong people, accustomed to the battles and encircled by enemies. We live in the mountains, taking advantage of their harsh gifts, and bring food to ourselves by hunting. Among us there are few farmers and sailors, because our lands are far from fields and the sea. A community of orcs means a community of wars, and very soon our neighbors will have to recall what our main craft is.
\n\nOrc lands are rich in ore. If we build mines, we will be able to get a lot of iron and a healer for forging armor and selling to merchants from human kingdoms. Before we can conquer fertile lands, we will have to do with hunting and breeding animals, but the orcs are ready for hardships. First of all, we will need to occupy the steppes and hills of Craglorn, south of the Dragontail mountains, so that our relatives can settle and build their houses there, drive cattle to pastures and start farming. In addition, this place will give us access to the trade routes between Skyrim and Hammerfell. Further, the people of Malacath can turn their eyes and their axes to the north, where the weak Breton kingdoms stand, but this will need to be done before the young Thorygg or the king of Wayrest decide to do it. In addition, going east, you must also beware of the Old Kingdom of the Nords waking up from a long sleep.
\n\nNords and Redguards sooner or later cling to each other, it is a matter of time. Orcs can start trading with one of them, but these are notgood allies for us, because when the opponent falls, the winner will certainly want to become the sole ruler of the lands surrounding us, so you can negotiate with them only with your hand close to the axe. The Bretons from Daggerfall can become our allies if we do not move deep west and prefer to settle down in Craglorn, or we can negotiate with the inhabitants of the desert if we challenge the Skyrim warriors. In both cases rich lands and a good battle await us. The Redguard clan of Crowns may become our most successful ally, but the old grievances between the Yokudan and the Orcs are still too strong.
\n\nAn orc is a warrior with a sword or axe. The larger the sword or axe, the better for the orc. We do not like bows or spears and do not really like to hide behind shields. The orc is the first to enter the battle and the last to leave it. In fair fighting on solid ground, we have no equal either among frail Bretons, nor among dodgy redguards, nor among proud Nords, but a wave of the cavalry that sweeps everything in its path can become a real danger for us, because many of our neighbors are famous for their warriors - horsemen, which the people of Malacath cannot boast of. We do not have cavalry and may have to let in the fortresses of the fortresses in order to at least something to oppose the Bretons and Redguards, but if we encounter their infantry in battle, then we will have no equal. The orc is strong, strong and faithful to death.
\n\nYour wise rule will lead the orcs to new lands, war and victory, King Gortwog gro-Nagorm. Gortwog gro-Orsinium!

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_RED_TITLE}Three blessings, Magister!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_RED_BODY}"A Redoran is a warrior whose duty is first to the Tribunal, second to House Redoran, and third to family and clan."
\n\nThe council, proposes a new strategy in order to restore former greatness to the most faithful of Morrowind's houses. We are warriors, defenders of the faith, protectors of the shrines of the great people of Veloth, which honor the traditions of the family and the clan. We did not sell ourselves to the Empire, as traders from Hlaalu, and this paid off. And although it seemed to everyone that the greatness of Morrowind died away, House Redoran is alive and he will raise his people from the ashes.
\n\nOur lands are vast and can provide enough food to feed our soldiers, but we will have to invest money to pave new roads and increase the docks for trade with those who do not want us to war and foreign N'Wah. The Red Year has long passed, but Morrowind still bears the scars of its destruction. The new colonies on Vvardenfell bring us little money, but this island is the sacred land and the duty of Redoran, as the leader of the Great Houses, to protect it from the encroachments of infidels and foreigners.
\n\nThe borders of our lands are stretched throughout Morrowind. This, on the one hand, gives us an advantage, and on the other hand imposes many responsibilities. In the south of us lies mindful House of Sadras. This ungrateful family has now forgotten who granted them the honor of becoming a Great House and increasingly turns their eyes towards the Empire, but on the other hand, Vilinu Sadras behaves cautiously and does not risk openly going against the Council. On Solstheim, we are adjacent to the eccentric magician Neloth, and who knows what this crazy old man can get into his head, and a quarrel with him will lead us to a confrontation with Telvanni - the second most powerful Great House of Morrowind. Others will rush to take advantage of this. In addition, to the west of us lies the lands of the Nordic jarl Ulfric Stormcloak, known for his hatred of Mer. We also should not rely on the reliability of this pale-skinned N'wah.
\n\nOur warriors are experienced, strong with a sword, spear, bow and crossbow. Strength, honor and courage in battle are the main tenets of military glory. Redoran’s infantry can compete with the army of any of the Great Houses and, if led by wise commanders, even with the legions of the Empire. We do not have a strong cavalry, but by the standards of the Houses, our riders are much stronger and more trained than the unbridled militias of Dres or Telvanni. If necessary, even our women will go into battle, because the warriors of Redoran’s house know how to handle a sword much better than other moneybags. The best of our soldiers are called Warmasters, they are glorified and hardened in battles, and scare away any enemy. We are strong in battle with any of the Great Houses, but our soldiers have not fought enough with foreigners and it is not known how the war with Skyrim or the Empire will turn out for us.
\n\nIt is time for House Redoran once again to prove his right to power and lead the people of Morrowind to prosperity.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_TEL_TITLE}Three blessings, Archmagister!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_TEL_BODY}"The forceful expression of will gives true honor to the Ancestors."
\n\nKnowledge is power, so Telvanni's house is strong. We do not have armies, like the Empire or the big treasury, like the rulers of High Rock. We have knowledge. House Telvanni has seen and knows more than any of the others. This is our strength. We know how it all began, we know how it all will end. We will win. We will become the law, but to achieve this, we must understand the laws of our opponents. Tamriel is changing. The Mede Empire, bitten by wars, begins to tremble and shake, Great Houses, having forgotten about the Oblivion Crisis and the Red Year, start arguing with each other louder and louder. It's time to act.
\n\nOur house has never been involved in trade. Our strength and knowledge are our funds, a piece of which was always needed by one or another of our neighbors, but it is time to make it clear that we are open to new offers. The guard of our cities, towers and fortresses stands ready, but for long wars it's not enough. Having built the barracks and convincing all the young magicians and powerful masters that the time has come for war, we will be able to build an indestructible army that will sweep away its enemies before they understand what hit them. Around the port of Telvannis, old abandoned mines are scattered, and perhaps it is time to let the miners go there again to get tangible income.
\n\nOur lands are located on the very edge of the Sacred East. The capital of the house, Port Telvannis, is protected by ancient magic and surrounded by the sea. The fortresses in the north of Vvardenfell lie far from the territorial interests of the houses of Sadras, Redoran and Indoril, and the island itself now has value more as a shrine than as a source of income. On the other hand, the sole possession of it will show the rest that Telvanni is not going to forever put up with the new order established by Redoran. South of Praloris are the lands of Indoril and Dres houses. The templars are now more weak than ever, but if they train new Ordinators, they can declare us another holy war. We must be prepared for the desperate steps of the house of Dres, if the Argonians from the south press them.
\n\nWe do not have friends, but nouveau riche from the House of Sadras, not very concerned about issues of faiththe nouveau riche from the House of Sadras, may become them. Redoran is as strong as proud, so negotiations with the aggressive Jarl of Windhelm Ulfric can be a good move to drive humans at their fortresses. The fury of the Nords was always easy to manipulate.
\n\nTelvanni is the house of magicians. If you try to unite all the wizards, randomly seeking power and competing with each other, you can forge an invincible, albeit demanding army. You can always support them in battle with cheap militias and guards or expensive mercenaries. Our best masters of the secret arts will sweep away any force with fire, while the soldiers restrain the enemy infantry. But one can never rely solely on magic - even if our infantry is not so strong, it is still better to have an army of the weak, ready to hold on for longer than a handful of daredevils, who will be crushed by a large and disciplined army with their onslaught.
\n\nOur knowledge of strength and weakness will help the House of Telvanni gain power.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_SAD_TITLE}Three blessings, Archmagister!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_SAD_BODY}"Honor and freedom, openness to the faithful and revenge of the rebellious"
\n\nThe Great House of Sadras is the youngest House on the council. Many consider this to be our weakness, but we are sure that they are mistaken. All these old men often say that they are concerned about the fate of Morrowind, but they only again make their previous mistakes. Nerevar’s land needs blood - young, which will protect it, and old, which will be shed if it tries to interfere.
\n\nOf course, we cannot openly declare war on all the Great Houses at the same time. We need to enter into alliances and pit them gradually. Telvanni does not get along with House Redoran because of problems in Solstheim, and Indoril argue with Dres because of the holy city of Necrom. Any of them can become for us both an ally and an enemy. Any way is open for us, the main thing is to act wisely. On the other hand, there is the eternal enemy of our people - the Argonians, who are gathering strength for a new war, and the Mede Empire, with which, unlike the old Great Houses, we are not connected by a series of squabbles and prejudices.
\n\nSadras holds lands that once belonged to House Hlaalu. These are rich, but small territories. Redoran does not let us go to Vvardenfell, in other matters this piece of ash now has rather sacred significance, so let the old men bite for it with each other without us. In the event of an open confrontation, it is important for us to prevent a war on two fronts at once and to protect our borders from the southern threat. Realizing that the Great Houses are again at war with each other, the Argonians will unite and attack us. As history has shown, even this will not stop us from endless squabbles, therefore Morrowind needs one master and one Great House.
\n\nOur army is not as large as that of House Redoran, but it is more flexible. We have gathered under our banners the most varied detachments, including the formidable Avengers, which many are already comparing with the Redoran Warmasters. In military art, we combine the practices of many of our ancestors, as well as the experience that we have gained from other Tamriel folks, which the rest of the Great Houses shy away from. Perhaps the only vulnerability of our army can be called cavalry, because in Morrowind horses are not bred, and the lack of magicians. In addition, many of our soldiers still lack training and experience.
\n\nHouse Sadras shall defend its right to be called the Great House and lead Morrowind to prosperity.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_DRES_TITLE}Three blessings, Magister!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_DRES_BODY}"To spread culture and truth to the benighted: this is our commitment and burden."
\n\nHouse Dres learned to make money and learned not to make enemies. We are a careful house. When one of Veloth’s children harbors a grudge or draws a sword, he never turns his grudge against House Dres, because House Dres is not in conflict with anyone. In Morrowind, of course. You cannot be great and not earn a single enemy. Now, perhaps, we need to learn how to make them, and how to make them out of hostility. Indeed, now that our people have experienced the most terrible catastrophe in their history, only those who can survive will triumph.
\n\nTaltil Dres, our great ancestor, built the Great House on the slave trade. Let us for a long time have to honor the law of the Empire that offends the Morrowind tradition, which dares to punish us for the right to live like the Dunmer lived for millennia, these times have already passed, because Cyrodiil can no longer tell us his will. It's time to pay attention to the south. The small lands around Necrom that we got after the wars with the Argonians no longer give us the resources that are needed to maintain the status of the Great House. The most talented of the Dres warriors must gather the rest under their banner in order to go to Black Marsh and remind the Argonians who their masters are.
\n\nWe are loyal to the Tribunal, but now few of the great lords of the Great Houses are worried by such faith. Redoran and Telvanni hold vast lands untouched by ruin, while Indoril again colonizes his original holy lands of Vvardenfell, trying to maintain his position of House, one with the Temple. In the former lands of Hlaalu, the proud and young House of Sadras, who had long forgotten the gratitude of the old Houses, accumulates his wealth. Any of them can become us both an enemy and an ally. But our main enemy is in the south, where the Argonians again rise from their dirty swamps with weapons in their hands, and their leaders whisper to them words about old insults to the people of Veloth. If the lizards want to attack Morrowind, House Dres will have to take the hit first. And this time, our enemy will try to complete what he started.
\n\nThe strength of our army is that it has no obvious weaknesses, but the weakness of our army is that it has no obvious strengths. Like all Great Houses, we have nowhere to get strong cavalry from: guars are hardy animals, but not fast. In House Dres, possession of a sword and a spear, a bow and magic is equally appreciated, but great wizards are rare among us, as in the House Telvanni or the masters of the sword, as in the House Redoran. We can boast of a good militia and staunch infantry, and our best slave hunters will terrify dodgy Argonian shooters with swift and sudden attacks. Yes, our army is best suited for the war with lizards, but we can also turn our forces against any of the Great Houses, which dares to attack our ancestral lands, at any moment.
\n\nMay the Three bless us on our campaign, which will bring power to the Great House Dres.


{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_IND_TITLE}Three blessings, Archmagister!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_IND_BODY}"Justice knows no sleep: Indoril shall order, the Temple shall judge."
\n\nWe are House Indoril, the heirs of the great Nerevar, the defenders of the Temple and the stronghold of faith in the darkness that Morrowind has now enveloped. While others obey House Redoran, which has increased its influence and has forgotten its purpose, we are conducting a holy war for the soul of Morrowind and it will soon be time to raise the sword not only to punish the infidels, but also to protect Morrowind from the threat of destruction through the eradication of our foundations by the Argonian conquerors and money-grubbing, which entangled other Great Houses. the time has come for House Indoril, defenders of the Tribunal, to declare the Holy War to the external and internal enemy. Ancestral blood requires fire and destruction.
\n\nIn the heart of the holy land of Vvardenfell, the fire of the Red Mountain is raging. The relics of sacred island are buried under the ashes, and we must find them at all costs and return to the bosom of the Temple, until the atheists from Telvanni laid their paws on them. Redoran will seek to challenge our right to possess the sacred land, so we must be prepared for clashes with their soldiers. House Dres sitting in Necrom, the holy city that Indoril pledged to protect, and are not going to leave it, despite all the demands on our part. If this turns into a war - Indoril is ready to fight. Indoril has long been ready. The only one of the Great Houses with whom we have no disputes right now is the young Sadras, but who knows what it will think of in the head of his leaders?
\n\nOur lands at Vvardenfell were mostly lost during the Red Year. Now our presence on the holy island is limited only to a small outpost, but this situation weakens the honor of Indoril. We need to take control of the island until others have done so. For the most part, we have preserved our lands on the mainland, in addition, it is to us now that the great city of Mournhold belongs. The main task for us is to occupy Vvardenfell and drive House Dres out of the Necrom by threats or by war.
\n\nThe Army of House Indoril is the Ordinators, the most loyal warriors in Tamriel, the melee masters who are able to withstand both the soldiers of House Redoran and many of the units of the Imperial Legion. This army is able to take to flight the miserable troops of the houses Sadras and Dres, even without a numerical superiority, and if necessary, the best knights of the Order of War - High Ordinators - will join the battle. These warriors can defeat even the imperishable elite imperial units, although it will take years to train and prepare them for battle. Traditionally for Morrowind, the Indoril house cannot put up good cavalry in battle, but among the rest of the Great Houses we rely on it, perhaps the least. Among the Ordinators, the art of bow possession and arbalester units are also very common, allowing you to sweep away the troops of our neighbors rushing to attack. However, now the Order of the Ordinators is too small, and it will take a long time to train new ones. At first, we will have to be content only with the militia.
\n\nThe Three lead House Indoril to victory and his path is clear as never before.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_ANQ_TITLE}Khajiits hail the King!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_ANQ_BODY}"The desert kills without mercy, the Khajiit are one with the desert"
\n\nAbsurdity has become a necessity. The wisdom of the Khajiit allowed them to avoid long bloody wars, because emperors and kings rarely take Elsweyr seriously, thinking that Khajiit cannot be a threat and do not fight according to the rules of the people. They are wrong. Indeed, the strength of the Khajiit lies in the fact that they can fight both according to the rules of humans and their own, for which humans and elves are not ready.
\n\nAnequina is many miles of warm sand on which ancient cities and young Khajiit settlements stand. The majestic Dune, the king’s house, Orcrest and the vigilant Riverhold guard our borders. In the east stands Rimmen, who does not like to recognize himself as part of Elsweyr. While they can sit behind their walls and not be afraid, but soon the Moons will let us know that it is time to start a war. It's time to fight the invaders or become them yourself. Khajiit need to act quickly, because Anequina is not so rich in moon sugar and other goods as Pelletine. You have to take a risk.
\n\nBut people from the Tenmar Forest are not the only threats. Cyrodiil with his legions runs from side to side like a scalded kitten and it is difficult to say whether their leaders would want to make claims on our ancestral lands, unleashing a new “Great” war. In addition, wood elves who have not forgotten the ancient grudges are hiding in Valenwood. They love to sting like their arrows, hurt and suddenly. Of course, they can quarrel with their golden brothers from large islands across the sea, because as the ancestors said, any Aldmeri Dominion is as menacing as it is not forever, but no one said that having occupied their forest kins, the Altmer will not look our way, and it would be a huge trouble. Therefore, the Khajiit need to quickly take up the free sands in the south, train more Haats inside the walls of the fortresses and get ready. Get ready to attack or defend. We did not vow to live forever under the supervision of elves.
\n\nKhajiits can fight with both a sword and a spear, both on foot and on back of our menacing senches. Such cavalry will scare any stranger, but our relatives from the south will not be surprised at this. Against them, we have prepared strong shields and strong chain mail, although we do not like to wear the heavy and clumsy armor that the Nords and Imperials palm off on everyone. Khajiits like to attack quickly and retreat quickly in case of failure, or to lure a gullible enemy into a cunning trap. If the enemy brings his heavy armies to us, we simply go into the sands and return, bringing more Haats with us. Then we swiftly attack and scatter this crowd of iron chests.
\n\nKhajiits will defend the sands of Anequina with blood: their own and others.

{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_PEL_TITLE}Khajiits hail the Mane!
{WEALCOME_TO_TES_4E_PEL_BODY}"Tenmar is fraught with danger to the enemies of Elsweyr"
\n\nAbsurdity had become a necessity. The wisdom of the Khajiit people allowed them to avoid long bloody wars, because emperors and kings rarely take Elsweyr seriously, thinking that Khajiit cannot be a threat and do not fight according to the rules of the people. They are wrong. Indeed, the strength of the Khajiit lies in the fact that they can fight both according to the rules of humans and their own, for which humans and elves are not ready.
\n\nPelletine is a land of great jungle saturated with the sweet smell of Moon Sugar. Here are the ancient Torval and Senchal, and at the very edge of the forest, behind the Moonpath, the city of Corinthe is like a big dormant Pachmar watching the sands of Anequina, because now a threat is coming from there. Our brothers collect the Haats to unite the desert under one banner, but the unquestioned authority of the Mane seems to mean nothing to them. Under the cold light of the Two Moons, blood may spill soon. Pelletine is ready for this.
\n\nOn our lands, we can trade silk that people and elves love so much and moon sugar, the sale of which beyond the borders of Elsweyr can fairly replenish our treasury with gold. Torval and Senchal can send ships stuffed with goods into the sea, which is inaccessible to our proud Ne-quin-al brothers.
\n\nBut no matter how good it may seem, Elsweir is in danger: “Alimeri Paniinjra” - the Aldmeri Dominion, as they call themselves, monitor the southern borders of our lands. High elves have repeatedly shown their love of war, even with those who are called allies, and while they do not know what to do with their forest relatives, their commanders may well turn in our direction and the armies will approach the walls of Torval, covered with gold, with golden swords and arrows. It will be difficult for Haats of Pelletine to fight with such an enemy, but we are ready to difficulties. Until the elves have turned their shining blades towards us, you need to have time to take the Moonpaths that lead to Corinthe and unite the territory of Pellitine. In addition, you should always look at our brothers in the desert. The Bosmer can become an unexpected ally for us, because they will not endure for a long time if the Dominion wants to rule their forest without any intermediaries. Wood elves, on the other hand, have long remembered grievances with us.
\n\nKhajiits can fight with both a sword and a spear, both on foot and on back of our menacing senches. Our cavalry will frighten any stranger, but the Ne-quin-als are much more skilled riders than the inhabitants of the forest, and you must always keep your eyes open in battle with them. Their chain mail and shields are better than ours, but it makes their Haats more clumsy, and the Pelletine warriors have always been famous for their speed and accuracy. Our military tricks will confuse not only the desert brothers more familiar to human tactics, but also the shrewd Altmers. In addition, our arrows can sting no worse than the arrows of the forest hunters of Valenwood, which will give us help in any battle.
\n\nOur tricks will protect Pellitine from any foe.


¬_____________________________________________Capital lost___________________________________________

{MESSAGE_CYRODIIL_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of Cyrodiil lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_CYRODIIL_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_SKYRIM_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of Skyrim lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_SKYRIM_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_DAGGERFALL_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of Daggerfall lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_DAGGERFALL_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_WAYREST_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of Wayrest lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_WAYREST_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_ORCS_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of Orsinium lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_ORCS_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_FOREBEARS_LOST_BODY}My lord, the Forebears from Hammerfell lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_FOREBEARS_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_CROWNS_LOST_BODY}My lord, the Crowns from Hammerfell lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_CROWNS_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_ALDMERI_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of altmers lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_ALDMERI_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_BOSMERI_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of bosmers lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_BOSMERI_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_ARGONIANS_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of argonians lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_ARGONIANS_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_ANEQUINA_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of Anequina lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_ANEQUINA_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_PELLETINE_LOST_BODY}My lord, the people of Pelletine lost their capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_PELLETINE_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_HLAALU_LOST_BODY}My lord, the Great House Hlaalu lost its capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_HLAALU_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_TELVANNI_LOST_BODY}My lord, the Great House Telvanni lost its capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_TELVANNI_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_REDORAN_LOST_BODY}My lord, the Great House Redoran lost its capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_REDORAN_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_DRES_LOST_BODY}My lord, the Great House Dres lost its capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_DRES_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_INDORYL_LOST_BODY}My lord, the Great House Indoryl lost its capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_INDORYL_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

{MESSAGE_DAGOTH_LOST_BODY}My lord, the Great House Dagoth lost its capital!\n\n We do not yet know the consequences of this event.
{MESSAGE_DAGOTH_LOST_TITLE}The Capital is lost!

¬_____________________________________________Leader lost___________________________________________

{MESSAGE_CYRODIIL_KING_BODY}The Emperor died and now the heir will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_CYRODIIL_KING_TITLE}The Emperor died!

{MESSAGE_SKYRIM_KING_BODY}The High King of Skyrim died and now the Jarls will choose the new, the most worthy. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_SKYRIM_KING_TITLE}The High King of Skyrim died!

{MESSAGE_DAGGERFALL_KING_BODY}The King of Daggerfall died and now the heir will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_DAGGERFALL_KING_TITLE}The King of Daggerfall died!

{MESSAGE_WAYREST_KING_BODY}The King of Wayrest died and now the heir will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_WAYREST_KING_TITLE}The King of Wayrest died!

{MESSAGE_ORCS_KING_BODY}The King of Orsinium died and now the strongest of the aspirants will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_ORCS_KING_TITLE}The King of Orsinium died!

{MESSAGE_FOREBEARS_KING_BODY}The King of Sentinel died and now the heir will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_FOREBEARS_KING_TITLE}The King of Sentinel died!

{MESSAGE_CROWNS_KING_BODY}The Leader of Crowns died and now the strongest of the aspirants will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_CROWNS_KING_TITLE}The Leader of Crowns died!

{MESSAGE_ALDMERI_KING_BODY}The Leader of Aldmeri Dominion died and now the strongest of the aspirants will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_ALDMERI_KING_TITLE}The Lord of Aldmeri died!

{MESSAGE_BOSMERI_KING_BODY}The King of Valenwood died and now the strongest of the aspirants will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_BOSMERI_KING_TITLE}The King of Valenwood died!

{MESSAGE_ARGONIANS_KING_BODY}The Leader of Argonians died and now the strongest of the aspirants will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_ARGONIANS_KING_TITLE}The Leader of Argonians died!

{MESSAGE_ANEQUINA_KING_BODY}The King of Anequina has died and now the strongest of the aspirants will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_ANEQUINA_KING_TITLE}The King of Anequina died!

{MESSAGE_PELLETINE_KING_BODY}The Mane of Elsweyr died and now the Moons will choose a new one. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_PELLETINE_KING_TITLE}The Mane of Elsweyr died!

{MESSAGE_HLAALU_KING_BODY}Leader of House Hlaalu died and now the heir will be seated on the throne. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_HLAALU_KING_TITLE}The Leader of Hlaalu died!

{MESSAGE_TELVANNI_KING_BODY}The Leader of House Telvanni died and now the worthy of the contenders will lead the Great House. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_TELVANNI_KING_TITLE}The Leader of Telvanni died!

{MESSAGE_REDORAN_KING_BODY}The Leader of House Redoran died and now the worthy of the contenders will lead the Great House. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_REDORAN_KING_TITLE}The Leader of Redoran died!

{MESSAGE_DRES_KING_BODY}The Leader of House Dres died and now the worthy of the contenders will lead the Great House. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_DRES_KING_TITLE}The Leader of House Dres died!

{MESSAGE_INDORYL_KING_BODY}The Leader of Tribunal Temple died and now the worthy of the contenders will lead the Temple. \n\n The Tribunal has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_INDORYL_KING_TITLE}The Leader of The Tribunal Temple died!

{MESSAGE_DAGOTH_KING_BODY}The Leader of House Dagoth died and now the worthy of the contenders will lead the Great House. \n\n The Council has not yet determined how such a change of power will turn out for us.
{MESSAGE_DAGOTH_KING_TITLE}The Leader of Dagoth died!

¬_____________________________________________Events___________________________________________

{DHALLIANCE_H_TITLE}Trade Alliance?
{DHALLIANCE_H_BODY}Do you want to form an alliance with the Great House Dres?

{DHALLIANCE_T_TITLE}Trade Alliance?
{DHALLIANCE_T_BODY}Do you want to form an alliance with the Great House Hlaalu?

{DHALLIANCE_TITLE}Trade Alliance is Formed
{DHALLIANCE_BODY}In order to promote prosperity and stability of commerce between themselves and others, trade union between Great Houses Hlaalu and Dres was instituted. After the Armistice Treaty House Hlaalu monopolized international trade and internal commercial affairs, House Dres traditionally hold dominion -- followed only be the wizard-lords of the Telvanni -- over slave market. Alliance between these two Houses, accompanied by cunning politics of King Hlaalu Helseth, is now easily first economic power in Morrowind.

{NEREVARIN_TITLE}Nerevarine?
{NEREVARIN_BODY}Prophecy will soon be fulfilled! Four clans of the Ashlanders named him Nerevarine, three Great Houses called him Hortator -- Lord Nerevar appears to walk among us once more. Moreso, the self-proclaimed Incarnate wants to join ranks of your Great House and seeks to get your support as well! Will you accept his claims and treat him as of one of your own, completing ancient prophecy? If you’ll cast this one away as imposter he won’t be able to become true Nerevarine and save the world the Sharmat, Dagoth Ur.

{NEREVARIN_AI_TITLE}Nerevarine!
{NEREVARIN_AI_BODY}Prophecy fulfilled! Four clans of the Ashlanders called him Nerevarine, four Great Houses called him Hortator -- Lord Indoril Nerevar is reborn, the Incarnate walk among us! Nerevar Reborn hold a banner of Great House Hlaalu, which supported him first and supported his claims. Now this mighty Dunmer will fight growing influence of Dagoth Ur with sword and word, and destroy the Sixth House in the heart of Red Mountain -- if he will have enough strength.

{NEREVARIN_DA_TITLE}Calling of the Sixth House
{NEREVARIN_DA_BODY}Noble one, you decided to refuse recognition of the one that calls himself Nerevar Reborn, the Incarnate, branding him an imposter and blasphemer. Nothing now will help this fake Nerevarine, as without help of your Great House he won’t be able to secure support from the Gods and Ancestors. Moreso, this bold act opened some new possibilities... Perhaps time has come to reconsider position of your Great House in the destiny of Morrowind? Voice rises loudly from the Mountain, calling all true Dunmer to alliance with the Sixth House, with the Tribe Unmourned risen from ashes by will of the Dagoth Ur. Perhaps that’s the time to join him? Perhaps he is the only one able to save Resdayn from doom...?\n\n WARNING: Your solution -- a betrayal of old Morrowind, your relationship with the Temple and other loyal to the Tribunal Great Houses have deteriorated.

{NEREVARIN_N_TITLE}Nerevarine
{NEREVARIN_N_BODY}Noble one, you decided to refuse recognition of the one that calls himself Nerevar Reborn, the Incarnate, branding him an imposter and blasphemer. Nothing now will help this fake Nerevarine, as without help of your Great House he won’t be able to secure support from the Gods and Ancestors.

{NEREVARIN_Y_TITLE}Nerevar Reborn!
{NEREVARIN_Y_BODY}Prophecy fulfilled! Your Great House has declared one of its own as the prophesized Nerevarine, the Incarnate, and accepted him into its ranks! Now Hero of the Prophecy will raise banner of your House in holy war for Morrowind, and lead House’s great army into the Red Mountain itself -- time has come to show whole Tamriel power of Nerevar Reborn!

{NEREVARIN_Y_R_TITLE}Nerevar Reborn!
{NEREVARIN_Y_R_BODY}Prophecy fulfilled! Your Great House has declared one of its own as the prophesized Nerevarine, the Incarnate, and accepted him into its ranks! Even though this decision came at the cost of great master and leader Bolvyn Venim, who did not agree with claims of the Hero, it was made and recognized as the only good choice in this time of trouble. Now Hero of the Prophecy will raise banner of your House in holy war for Morrowind, and lead House’s great army into the Red Mountain itself -- time has come to show whole Tamriel power of Nerevar Reborn!

{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_TITLE}Destruction of the Tribunal
{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_BODY}Year 432 of the Third Era -- a year covered in blood. Due to the growing instability and madness on the part of previously divine Almalexia, Mother-Goddess of Morrowind, conflict within holy family erupted. Almalexia, lusting for absolute dominance, invaded Clockwork City and murdered the Clockmaster, Lord Sotha Sil. Her intrigues failed in the end -- Nerevar Reborn, Hero of Morrowind, brought her justice and finished life of fallen goddess, leaving Morrowind afterwards. Vivec’s fate remains unknown, but one thing is clear -- with dissapearance of the last Tribune, no power holds the Ministry of Truth in the skies above Vivec City. What awaits Morrowind, which was orphaned by its gods and its prophesized savior –- nobody knows.\n\n

{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_NER_TITLE}Destruction of the Tribunal
{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_NER_BODY}Year 432 of the Third Era -- a year covered in blood. Due to the growing instability and madness on the part of previously divine Almalexia, Mother-Goddess of Morrowind, conflict within holy family erupted. Almalexia, lusting for absolute dominance, invaded Clockwork City and murdered the Clockmaster, Lord Sotha Sil. Her intrigues failed in the end -- Lord Vivec himself, Warrior-Poet God of the Dunmer, brought her justice and finished life of fallen goddess, leaving Morrowind afterwards. His fate is unknown, but one thing is clear -- with dissapearance of the last Tribune, no power holds the Ministry of Truth in the skies above Vivec City. What awaits Morrowind, which was orphaned by its gods –- nobody knows.\n\n

{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_P_TITLE}Destruction of the Tribunal
{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_P_BODY}Year 432 of the Third Era -- a year covered in blood. Due to the growing instability and madness on the part of previously divine Almalexia, Mother-Goddess of Morrowind, conflict within holy family erupted. Almalexia, lusting for absolute dominance, invaded Clockwork City and murdered the Clockmaster, Lord Sotha Sil. Her intrigues failed in the end -- Nerevar Reborn, Hero of Morrowind, brought her justice and finished life of fallen goddess, leaving Morrowind afterwards. People of Morrowind still don’t know how to cope with loss of two of their living gods and their prophesized hero, but everybody wonders -- is power of Lord Vivec, last of the Tribunes, enough to keep Ministry of Truth in the skies above Vivec City? What awaits Morrowind, which was orphaned by its gods and its prophesized savior –- nobody knows.\n\n

{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_NER_P_TITLE}Destruction of the Tribunal
{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_NER_P_BODY}Year 432 of the Third Era -- a year covered in blood. Due to the growing instability and madness on the part of previously divine Almalexia, Mother-Goddess of Morrowind, conflict within holy family erupted. Almalexia, lusting for absolute dominance, invaded Clockwork City and murdered the Clockmaster, Lord Sotha Sil. Her intrigues failed in the end -- Lord Vivec himself brought her justice and finished life of fallen goddess, leaving Morrowind afterwards. People of Morrowind still don’t know how to cope with loss of two of their living gods and their prophesized hero, but everybody wonders -- is power of Lord Vivec, last of the Tribunes, enough to keep Ministry of Truth in the skies above Vivec City? What awaits Morrowind, which was orphaned by its gods and its prophesized savior –- nobody knows.\n\n

{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_NER_VIV_TITLE}Destruction of the Tribunal
{TEMPLE_DEAD_ALM_SOTA_NER_VIV_BODY}Year 432 of the Third Era -- a year covered in blood. Due to the growing instability and madness on the part of previously divine Almalexia, Mother-Goddess of Morrowind, conflict within holy family erupted. Almalexia, lusting for absolute dominance, invaded Clockwork City attempted to murder the Clockmaster, Lord Sotha Sil -- she appeared too weak to withstand might of Dunmer God of Magic, Sotha Sil won the fight and killed mad Almalexia, serving justice. Sadly, he died of the severe wounds afterwards. People of Morrowind still don’t know how to cope with loss of two of their living gods, but everybody wonders -- nobody now keeps Ministry of Truth in the skies above Vivec City. What awaits Morrowind, which was orphaned by its gods -- nobody knows.\n\n

{R_YEAR_TITLE}The Red Year
{R_YEAR_BODY}Year 5 of the Fourth Era -- the Red Year. For hundreds of years moon Baar Dau hovered in the sky above Vivec City, held there by the power of the divine Tribunal -- Almalexia, Vivec and Sotha Sil -- as a sign of their dominion of the Daedra and other heathen powers. Called “Ministry of Truth”, it served as a prison for heretics and political revolutionaries. With destruction of the Tribunal, power that stopped Baar Dau disappeared. One day the rock suddenly screamed and fell on the Vivec City in a flash, bringing apocalyptic destruction. City was washed from face of Nirn. Gigantic waves swept over the Ascadian Isles, bringing ruin to many cities and estates. Red Mountain has been awaked by the impact, and soon it was followed by largest eruption of the volcano in known history. Tons of molten rock flooded Vvardenfell, devastating dozens of major settlements and killing thousands of Mer. Ash covered the sky for next few weeks and was falling like rain day and night. Whole cities were buried under hot dust. Morrowind fell into political chaos. As if that wasn’t enough, Argonians from the Black Marsh grasped the opportunity and invaded southern House Dres lands, driven by vengeance for hundreds years of slavery. In couple of days Morrowind as it was before was gone, buried under ash, population decimated. Is that the end of the Velothi?\n\n

{DAGOTH_Y_TITLE}Dagoth Ur Welcomes You
{DAGOTH_Y_BODY}Greetings, noble one! Since you are an ally of the great Dagoth Ur, head of the Sixth House and the Tribe Unmourned, False Tribunal -- blasphemers and murderers of great Lord Nerevar -- became your greatest, sworn enemies -- you also refused to accept ungodly imposter, calling himself Nerevarine, as true Incarnate. I assure you, your decision was only wise one to be made – and was a first step on the only road to forging of New Resdayn from the ruins of old Morrowind. Many of your subjects, led to this treason by fear of False Tribunes revenge, have turned their backs on your Great House, noble one, but that does not matter in the long run. Now you know exactly who to trust in this conflict and who appeared to be an enemy. Do not weep for the lost sheep, for they cannot be redeemed -- what you can still do is save land of our Ancestors. First we will drive away dirty n’wah, and then let flow the blood of those who imagined themselves as living gods. Throw all our forces at this filthy false god Vivec, let him drown in his own blood, let him suffer the fate of unjustly murdered Lord Nerevar. Still, road before us is a narrow and thorny path, and terrible devastation awaits at the end... Power of the False Gods already wanes, and to the Heart -- its source -- we will obviously never let them go. Not for long so called “Ministry of Truth” will last in the clouds above Vivec City, held there by the will of filthy Vivec-whore -- sadly, stone falling from the heavens will cause great damage not only to the Tribunal Temple, but to whole Vvardenfell -- and we do not seek destruction of our homeland. However, if we manage to capture Vivec City, and do it quick, we can construct special engine of mysterious design, invented by the great Lord Dagoth, which will keep moon Baar Dau in its place, letting us all avoid consequences of the False Tribunal losing their powers. O noble one, do what must be done, without hesitation, nor show mercy to anyone -- that’s the only way in which we can save Morrowind.\n\n TASKS: \n\n - CAPTURE VIVEC \n\n - BUILD AN INGENIUM \n\n - DESTROY TRIBUNAL\n\n\n\n

{DAGOTH_2_TITLE}Ingenium has been Built
{DAGOTH_2_BODY}You did well, noble one, I am most pleased with progress of your Great House, and with next steps made on the path to redeeming Morrowind. Now you must hold Vivec City as long as it’s possible -- if you will lose it, supply of souls for the Ingenium device will be cut short, bringing end for all of us.\n\n TASKS: \n\n KEEP VIVEC \n\n\n\n

{DAGOTH_3_TITLE}Vivec City was lost!
{DAGOTH_3_BODY}Curses, we have lost hold over Vivec City! We can no longer supply Ingenium with sufficient number of new souls! Retake the city!\n\n TASKS: \n\n RECONQUER VIVEC \n\n\n\n

{OBLIVION_COME_TITLE}Oblivion Crisis
{OBLIVION_COME_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. 27th of the Last Seed. Night. Night of blades. In course of few hours whole royal line of Septims was ended. First fell sons of the emperor – crown prince Geldall and his brothers, princes Enman and Ebbel. Emperor Uriel Septim VII himself, guarded by the loyal Blades, attempted escape from the Imperial City, going through secret routs build in the times of the Ayleids. Even this precautions brought nothing -- emperor was tracked down and killed by the sect calling itself “Mythic Dawn”. Only person who escaped the slaughter is former prisoner wielding Amulet of Kings, which was given to him by the dying Septim ruler. \n\n The night before, just under the wars of Kvatch, great gates leading to Deadlands, Oblivion domain of Mehrunes Dagon, Prince of Destruction, were opened, and through them swept endless hordes of demons and Dremora legions. It seems that emperor’s dreams were correct after all. Without rightful ruler sitting on the Ruby Throne the Dragonfires are unlit -- for the first time since the fall of Reman dynasty -- leaving forces of Oblivion a free way to Tamriel. Mehrunes Dagon himself is said by the Mythic Dawn to arrive and claim mortal world as his own. All hopes now lie upon the shoulders of anonymous prisoner who holds ancient Amulet of Kings, symbol of covenant between Divines and  mortals. Rumors say that bastard son of late Uriel was discovered -- this Martin Septim was saved by the Blades and remains last candle of hope in the growing darkness. Only united mortals will be able to defeat Mehrunes Dagon and save Tamriel from destruction!

{AR_ATTACK_TITLE}Daedra besiege Ald'ruhn
{AR_ATTACK_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Inhabitants of Tamriel are still not able to recover after first great strike from the Daedric Prince of Destruction. Oblivion gates opened in course of only few hours across the land, bringing destruction and death. Not long after devastation of great city of Kvatch in southern Colovia, Mehrunes Dagon attempted another attack, this time at ancestral capital of Great House Redoran, city of Ald’ruhn in Morrowind. Noble and mighty Dunmer warriors were not ready to face demonic hordes which had no end. Desperate priests used almost forgotten magic arts and raised the Scar, skeleton of titan crab that stood in the center of the city. Even that impossible feat was not enough to save proud Redoran warriors -- the defenders fought valiantly and with courage non short of legendary, but did not prevail. Ald’ruhn fell.

{AR_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_TITLE}Daedra besiege Ald'ruhn
{AR_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Inhabitants of Tamriel are still not able to recover after first great strike from the Daedric Prince of Destruction. Oblivion gates opened in course of only few hours across the land, bringing destruction and death. Not long after devastation of great city of Kvatch in southern Colovia, Mehrunes Dagon attempted another attack, this time at ancestral capital of Great House Redoran, city of Ald’ruhn in Morrowind. Noble and mighty Dunmer warriors were not ready to face demonic hordes which had no end. Desperate priests used almost forgotten magic arts and raised the Scar, skeleton of titan crab that stood in the center of the city. The defenders fought valiantly and with courage non short of legendary, and with Ancestors names on their lips, fighting against the invincible -- they prevailed. Daedra were pushed back to Deadlands, but Redoran warriors did not stop there -- they followed invaders and brought ruin to Oblivion itself, in the end closing the great interplanar gate. Great House Redoran celebrates, once again proving their superiority in war!

{BRUMA_ATTACK_TITLE}Daedra besiege Bruma
{BRUMA_ATTACK_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Not long time has passed since great invasion undertook by the Mehrunes Dagon against warriors of Great House Redoran in their capital of Ald’ruhn and against might of the Altmer in the Summerset Isles -- and Daedric Prince strikes again with great might. This time his legions laid siege to ancient fortress-city of Bruma, in northern Cyrodiil. Demons were not prepared to meet valiant resistance led by Martin Septim, last of the great race. Bastard of the late emperor Uriel Septim united all imperial provinces under his banner and met army of Daedra in the field...

{BRUMA_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_TITLE}Daedra besiege Bruma
{BRUMA_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Not long time has passed since great invasion undertook by the Mehrunes Dagon against warriors of Great House Redoran in their capital of Ald’ruhn and against might of the Altmer in the Summerset Isles -- and Daedric Prince strikes again with great might. This time his legions laid siege to ancient fortress-city of Bruma, in northern Cyrodiil. Demons were not prepared to meet valiant resistance led by Martin Septim, last of the great race. Bastard of the late emperor Uriel Septim united all imperial provinces under his banner and met army of Daedra in the field… and prevailed, forging a mighty victory! Scion of Septims managed to lay hand on one of the sigil stones, and he can now open the gate to the Paradise of Mankar Camoran, leader of the Mythic Dawn. Hero of Kvatch -- anonymous prisoner who was holder of the Amulet of Kings -- goes into the Paradise and retrieves the Amulet, bringing it to the rightful heir to the Ruby Throne. Martin Septim is about to end the Crisis and rekindle the Dragonfiers...

{BRUMA_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_MD_TITLE}Martin Septim is dead!
{BRUMA_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_MD_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Not long time has passed since great invasion undertook by the Mehrunes Dagon against warriors of Great House Redoran in their capital of Ald’ruhn and against might of the Altmer in the Summerset Isles -- and Daedric Prince strikes again with great might. This time his legions laid siege to ancient fortress-city of Bruma, in northern Cyrodiil. Demons were not prepared to meet valiant resistance led by Martin Septim, last of the great race. Bastard of the late emperor Uriel Septim united all imperial provinces under his banner and met army of Daedra in the field… and prevailed, forging a mighty victory -- at the cost of his own life. This noble sacrifice will be shortly remembered -- line of Septim is broken, ended, and hope died with it. Now there is nobody to light the Dragonfires and stop the invasion.

{BRUMA_ATTACK_PLAY_LOSE_TITLE}Daedra besiege Bruma
{BRUMA_ATTACK_PLAY_LOSE_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Not long time has passed since great invasion undertook by the Mehrunes Dagon against warriors of Great House Redoran in their capital of Ald’ruhn and against might of the Altmer in the Summerset Isles -- and Daedric Prince strikes again with great might. This time his legions laid siege to ancient fortress-city of Bruma, in northern Cyrodiil. Demons were not prepared to meet valiant resistance led by Martin Septim, last of the great race. Bastard of the late emperor Uriel Septim united all imperial provinces under his banner and met army of Daedra in the field… and lost, losing his life. Line of Septim is broken, ended, and hope died with it. Now there is nobody to light the Dragonfires and stop the invasion.

{BRUMA_ATTACK_PLAY_LOSE_MA_TITLE}Daedra besiege Bruma
{BRUMA_ATTACK_PLAY_LOSE_MA_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Not long time has passed since great invasion undertook by the Mehrunes Dagon against warriors of Great House Redoran in their capital of Ald’ruhn and against might of the Altmer in the Summerset Isles -- and Daedric Prince strikes again with great might. This time his legions laid siege to ancient fortress-city of Bruma, in northern Cyrodiil. Demons were not prepared to meet valiant resistance led by Martin Septim, last of the great race. Bastard of the late emperor Uriel Septim united all imperial provinces under his banner and met army of Daedra in the field… and lost. Yet, hope remains, because scion of Septims survived the onslaught and managed to lay hand on one of the sigil stones, he can now open the gate to the Paradise of Mankar Camoran, leader of the Mythic Dawn. Hero of Kvatch -- anonymous prisoner who was holder of the Amulet of Kings -- goes into the Paradise and retrieves the Amulet, bringing it to the rightful heir to the Ruby Throne. Martin Septim is about to end the Crisis and rekindle the Dragonfiers...

{IC_ATTACK_TITLE}The Last Battle
{IC_ATTACK_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Mehrunes Dagon, Daedric Prince of Destruction, decided to grab whole Tamriel in one, desperate move -- attack on the Imperial City itself, heart of whole Cyrodiil and seat of emperors. After great battles for Kvatch, Ald’ruhn, Summerset Isles and Bruma, Daedric legions invade in full force at this great city. This is the Last Battle of the Crisis. Martin Septim took the title of Imperial Chancellor, and with support of Elder Council he plans to lite the Dragonfires and save Nirn -- if he survives...

{IC_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_TITLE}The Last Battle
{IC_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Mehrunes Dagon, Daedric Prince of Destruction, decided to grab whole Tamriel in one, desperate move -- attack on the Imperial City itself, heart of whole Cyrodiil and seat of emperors. After great battles for Kvatch, Ald’ruhn, Summerset Isles and Bruma, Daedric legions invade in full force at this great city. This is the Last Battle of the Crisis. Martin Septim took the title of Imperial Chancellor, and with support of Elder Council he made a move to lite the Dragonfires and shut close the jaws of Oblivion. In the midst of battle, Mehrunes Dagon himself appeared in the mortal world -- no weapon nor armor could harm him. In sight of that, Martin Septim made ultimate sacrifice -- he shattered Amulet of Kings, releasing its divine power and connecting with Akatosh himself. In the form of Golden Dragon, last of Septims destroyed Mehrunes Dagon, and then, with last, victorious roar, turned to stone.

{IC_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_MD_TITLE}The Last Battle
{IC_ATTACK_PLAY_WIN_MD_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Mehrunes Dagon, Daedric Prince of Destruction, decided to grab whole Tamriel in one, desperate move -- attack on the Imperial City itself, heart of whole Cyrodiil and seat of emperors. After great battles for Kvatch, Ald’ruhn, Summerset Isles and Bruma, Daedric legions invade in full force at this great city. This is the Last Battle of the Crisis. Martin Septim took the title of Imperial Chancellor, and with support of Elder Council he made a move to lite the Dragonfires and shut close the jaws of Oblivion. In the midst of battle, Martin Septim was slain, never reaching Temple of the One. Hope died with him.

{IC_ATTACK_PLAY_LOSE_TITLE}The Last Battle
{IC_ATTACK_PLAY_LOSE_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Mehrunes Dagon, Daedric Prince of Destruction, decided to grab whole Tamriel in one, desperate move -- attack on the Imperial City itself, heart of whole Cyrodiil and seat of emperors. After great battles for Kvatch, Ald’ruhn, Summerset Isles and Bruma, Daedric legions invade in full force at this great city. This is the Last Battle of the Crisis. Martin Septim took the title of Imperial Chancellor, and with support of Elder Council he made a move to lite the Dragonfires and shut close the jaws of Oblivion. In the midst of battle, Martin Septim was slain by the Mehrunes Dagon, who entered the Nirn himself, never reaching Temple of the One. Hope died with last of the Septims.

{IC_ATTACK_PLAY_LOSE_MA_TITLE}The Last Battle
{IC_ATTACK_PLAY_LOSE_MA_BODY}Year 433 of the Third Era. Mehrunes Dagon, Daedric Prince of Destruction, decided to grab whole Tamriel in one, desperate move -- attack on the Imperial City itself, heart of whole Cyrodiil and seat of emperors. After great battles for Kvatch, Ald’ruhn, Summerset Isles and Bruma, Daedric legions invade in full force at this great city. This is the Last Battle of the Crisis. Martin Septim took the title of Imperial Chancellor, and with support of Elder Council he made a move to lite the Dragonfires and shut close the jaws of Oblivion. Mehrunes Dagon himself entered the battle in the decisive moment, destroying Temple of the One and annulling the chance to lite Dragonfires forever. Hope for salvation died with the Imperial City.

{OBLIVION_DEAD_TITLE}End of the Oblivion Crisis
{OBLIVION_DEAD_BODY}Martin Septim with aid of the Hero of Kvatch was able to stop Mehrunes Dagon from claiming Tamriel as his own domain. Ultimate sacrifice of last of the Septim line brought Akatosh himself into the mortal word. Dragon God of Time, in shape of Golden Dragon, brought an end to Mehrunes’s Dagon avatar on Nirn, but at cost of Amulet of Kings itself. Ancient imperial symbol is now lost, and dynasty of Tiber Septim is no more. What awaits Tamriel now -- nobody knows.

{RED_YEAR_TITLE}The Red Year
{RED_YEAR_BODY}The Ingenium  -- magical device designed to feed on souls of living beings -- failed because of argument between its keepers, Sul and Vuhon. Baar Dau, moon hovering in the sky above Vivec City, lost anchor that was keeping it in the clouds, and made an impact, in a flash, bringing apocalyptic destruction. City was washed from face of Nirn. Gigantic waves swept over the Ascadian Isles, bringing ruin to many cities and estates. Red Mountain has been awaked by the impact, and soon it was followed by largest eruption of the volcano in known history. Tons of molten rock flooded Vvardenfell, devastating dozens of major settlements and killing thousands of Mer. Ash covered the sky for next few weeks and was falling like rain day and night. Whole cities were buried under hot dust. Morrowind fell into political chaos. As if that wasn’t enough, Argonians from the Black Marsh grasped the opportunity and invaded southern Velothi lands, driven by vengeance for hundreds years of slavery.

{TITUS_MEDE_CONQ_TITLE}Titus Mede takes the Ruby Throne!
{TITUS_MEDE_CONQ_BODY}Titus Mede, Colovian warlord and one of the many pretenders to the Ruby Throne of Cyrodiil, managed to defeat all of his opponents and conquered the Imperial City itself. Are you willing to join him in his intention to become new emperor of Tamriel, or would you rather raise your banners in rebellion against an imposter, to perhaps sit on the Throne of Sundered Kings yourself...?

{TITUS_MEDE_NO_TITLE}Rebellion in Cyrodiil!
{TITUS_MEDE_NO_BODY}In your wisdom you have rejected claims of foolish Colovian imposter called Titus Mede. He will never sit on the Ruby Throne! At least not while you have something to say… Cyrodiil fractured and large portion of people stands now behind you -- sadly not enough to overthrow the Mede. You need to as soon as possible raise your forces and head to the Imperial City, to defeat the usurper and claim Ruby Throne for one of your own. Get ready for war.

{TITUS_MEDE_TITLE}Titus Mede founds new Empire
{TITUS_MEDE_BODY}Titus Mede, previously a Colovian warlord and longtime enemy of the Nibenese, managed to seize Imperial City itself, proclaiming himself new emperor of Tamriel and inheritor of Septim legacy. His claim to the Ruby Throne was accepted, empire is united once more. New-made emperor spent a lot of time on instituting many reforms, one of which completely dissolves old Mages Guild, which the Mede considered nothing more than a tool. Titus Mede began restoration of unified Tamriel, lifting it out of the ruins in which it lied after Oblivion Crisis. Who knows, perhaps it’s dawn of a new great imperial dynasty, rivaling Cyrodiils and Septims themselves?

{HIST_TITLE}Return of the Argonians
{HIST_BODY}Argonians draw back and hide in the shade of Black Marshes once more. The Hist call their lizard servants to come home once more. Reptiles -- even those that are still far away -- all hear the voice of Great Trees, form packs and head straight south. Why the Argonians once more seek protection of The Marsh? Nobody truly knows, but some say that it heralds some dark future for Tamriel...

{VAL_CAP_TITLE}Bosmer units
{VAL_CAP_BODY}Enable recruitment of bosmer units in Valenwood?

¬_____________________________________________Mercs___________________________________________
¬________________Wild Hunt_________________

{HUNT_HINT_TITLE}The Wild Hunt

{HUNT_HINT_BODY}YOU HAVE TO FULFILL THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO CALL THE WILD HUNT: Playing as Valenwood or Aldmeri Dominion, you need to conquer following settlements: Arentia, Thormar Gate, Valkwasten, Silvenar, Falinesti, Velyn Harbor, Longvale, Woodheart, Marbruk, Greenheart, Elden Root, Kathdar, Cormair, Southpoint, Haven; build the Altar of the Innocent Quarry in one of three settlements (Falinesti, Elden Root, Silvenar). \n\n Having fulfilled these conditions, you will get an opportunity to hire the Wild Hunters in the settlements where the Altar is built. Also, you will receive several units of hunters under your command.

{HUNT_TITLE}Call the Wild hunt?

{HUNT_ACCEPTED_BODY}My lord, we have done our best to convoke the Wild Hunt. May the world know our fury!

{HUNT_ACCEPTED_TITLE}The Wild Hunt!

{HUNT_BODY}My lord, it's time to call the Wild Hunt! \n\nThe Altar of the Innocent Quarry is built, bloody rituals and the entire ancient forest are in our hands!\n\nWould you like to convoke a Hunt to inflict horror in the hearts of your enemies?

{HUNT_DECLINED_BODY}My lord, we refused to convoke the Wild Hunt. However, this does not mean that it will not be called by others!

{HUNT_DECLINED_TITLE}The Wild Hunt declined.

{HUNT_COMING_BODY}The altar of the Innocent Quarry was stained with blood, which means that the Blood Moon rises and the Wild Hunt rushes through the world, carrying death to our enemies!  \n\nOur soldiers are ready to join the cavalcade riders!

{HUNT_COMING_TITLE}The Wild Hunt begins!

{AI_HUNT_COMING_BODY}The altar of the Innocent Quarry was stained with blood, which means that the Blood Moon rises and the Wild Hunt rushes through the world, carrying death to the enemies!

{AI_HUNT_COMING_TITLE}The Wild Hunt begins!

¬________________Wild hunt_________________

{WORM_TITLE}Message from the King of Worms
{WORM_BODY}You still have a lot to learn in the art of necromancy, however your pathetic attempts have not been entirely pointless. I, Mannimarco the King of Worms, shall guide you in spreading the necromancy across Tamriel. I will give you an army, which none of the living have, and you will be able to command death. \n\n Summon Mannimarco and his army of undead? It will have a serious impact on your relations with other factions

{WORM_ACCEPTED_TITLE}KING OF WORMS!
{WORM_ACCEPTED_BODY}Mannimarco, the King of Worms, joined us, and with him - the army of the dead and his excellent knowledge of necromancy. \n\n You can summon the dead, excavating graves in cities where you have necromancers guild. \n\n YOU ALSO NEED TO DESTROY TEMPLES OF YOUR RELIGION INSIDE A SETTLEMENT IN ORDER TO BUILD IT!

{WORM_AI_TITLE}KING OF WORMS!
{WORM_AI_BODY}PLACEHOLDER.

{WORM_DECLINED_TITLE}KING OF WORMS!
{WORM_DECLINED_BODY}How dare you refuse the God of Worms? You shall regret this!

{HARCON_TITLE}Message from lord Harkon
{HARCON_BODY}I see in you the strength and power that can subdue Tamriel. I, Harkon, lord of clan Volkihar, bow down before you and offer my sword and my knowledge. I will give you an army, which none of the living have, and you will be able to command death. \n\n Summon Harkon and his army of vampires?

{HARCON_ACCEPTED_TITLE}LORD HARKON!
{HARCON_ACCEPTED_BODY}Harkon, lord of clan Volkihar, joined us, and with him - the army of vampires and his excellent knowledge of necromancy. \n\n You can summon new vampires, by building castles for them.

{HARCON_HINT_TITLE}Castle Volkihar
{HARCON_HINT_BODY}If you wish to turn your general into a vampire, send him into the castle, and after a few turns the coven shall grant them the gift of Vampirism.

{HARCON_AI_TITLE}LORD HARKON!
{HARCON_AI_BODY}PLACEHOLDER.

{HARCON_DECLINED_TITLE}LORD HARKON!
{HARCON_DECLINED_BODY}Nevermind. I can wait...

{VAMPIRE_TITLE}Message from Vampire Clans
{VAMPIRE_BODY}We know your secret, you are now one of us. You are not cursed, but blessed! For long have all the vampires across Tamriel been opressed and hunted down. But perhaps the day has come to change this, your realm could become a safe place for all of our kind. Reveal yourself to Tamriel and lead all the vampires to freedom! All clans would fight for you. \n\n Summon Vampire Lords and their armies? (this will have a significant impact on your diplomacy)

{VAMPIRE_ACCEPTED_TITLE}VAMPIRE CLANS!
{VAMPIRE_ACCEPTED_BODY}Vampire Lords joined us, and with them - their armies of vampires. \n\n You can now summon vampire clans in your castles. \n\n We invite you to reclaim Volkihar Castle, where you can learn the most ancient Vampiric knowledge. \n\n YOU NEED TO DESTROY TEMPLES OF OTHER RELIGIONS INSIDE YOUR CASTLES TO BE ABLE TO BUILD VAMPIRE CASTLES!

{VAMPIRE_HINT_TITLE}Vampire Clans
{VAMPIRE_HINT_BODY}Vampires

{VAMPIRE_AI_TITLE}VAMPIRE CLANS!
{VAMPIRE_AI_BODY}PLACEHOLDER.

{VAMPIRE_DECLINED_TITLE}VAMPIRE CLANS!
{VAMPIRE_DECLINED_BODY}So be it. But once they find you and hunt you down, and they will, dont expect any help...

{VAMPIRE_LEADER_AI_TITLE}VAMPIRE RULER REVEALED!
{VAMPIRE_LEADER_AI_BODY}By the Daedra! The ruler of this kingdom has been revealed to be a vampire, and he intends to harbour all the vampires and even worse creatures in his realm. This abomination should be cleansed from Tamriel. Join other rulers of Tamriel, who have already declared a war against this Vampire King.



{DAWN_RECRUITMENT_PLAYER_TITLE}The Dawnguard
{DAWN_RECRUITMENT_PLAYER_BODY}FROM THE NEXT TURN YOU WILL BE ABLE TO HIRE THE DAWNGUARD UNITS IN DAWNGUARD \n\n  The year of the founding of the Dawnguard is unknown. Exact documents on its activities have not been preserved, so the whole history of the Order is known only by rumors and legends. In the Second Era they were guards in a fortress built by the Jarl of Riften for the maintenance of his son, turned into a vampire. At a certain point, the guards were forced to kill the son of the jarl, for which they were expelled from the Rift, but decided to continue their mission of hunting vampires, gaining fame throughout Skyrim and even beyond, but subsequently the order was disbanded as unnecessary. Today, the Order of the Dawnguard was restored.

{DAWN_RECRUITMENT_AI_TITLE}The Dawnguard
{DAWN_RECRUITMENT_AI_BODY}The year of the founding of the Dawnguard is unknown. Exact documents on its activities have not been preserved, so the whole history of the Order is known only by rumors and legends. In the Second Era they were guards in a fortress built by the Jarl of Riften for the maintenance of his son, turned into a vampire. At a certain point, the guards were forced to kill the son of the jarl, for which they were expelled from the Rift, but decided to continue their mission of hunting vampires, gaining fame throughout Skyrim and even beyond, but subsequently the order was disbanded as unnecessary. Today, the Order of the Dawnguard was restored by one of the foreign rulers.

{DAWN_RECRUITMENT_END_TITLE}The Dawnguard is dissolved!
{DAWN_RECRUITMENT_END_BODY}Fort Dawnguard was captured and the order, having lost its own residence, would be dissolved.

{DAWN_HINT_TITLE}FORT DAWNGUARD
{DAWN_HINT_BODY}Deep in the mountains, at the junction of the Velothi, Jerall and Valus ranges, stands a fortress built a long time ago. In ancient times it was known as Fort Dawnguard and was the residence of the ancient order of vampire hunters. Now the fortress is destroyed, and among its ruins lives undead, but if you capture it - who knows what secrets it will open to us?

{SKAAL_HINT_TITLE}THE ISLE OF SOLSTHEIM
{SKAAL_HINT_BODY}In the far north, between the seas of Skyrim and Morrowind, lies the cold island of Solstheim, the home of skaal - an ancient and warlike people. Skaal are freedom-loving and do not tolerate masters above them. However, not all of them are satisfied with their current leaders, and if we succeed in overthrowing unpopular leaders and placing their leader above them, he may convince skaal to fight on our side.

{SKAAL_RECRUITMENT_PLAYER_TITLE}SKAAL
{SKAAL_RECRUITMENT_PLAYER_BODY}FROM THE NEXT TURN YOU WILL BE ABLE TO HIRE SKAAL UNITS IN SOLSTHEIM \n\n
Skaal are a sub-ethnos of the Nords, whose tribe lives in a village in the northeast of Solstheim Island. This self-name is widely used in everyday life, although in general the skaalas remember their Nordic descent. The settlement of the skaals is located to the east of the Isilde river, on the coast of Felsaad, north of Lake Fjalding. The villagers are known as very tolerant to strangers, friendly and even hearty people who willingly talk about their history and traditions, not feeling the slightest doubt and showing no signs of suspicion. From this day the Skaal tribe serves you.

{SKAAL_RECRUITMENT_AI_TITLE}SKAAL
{SKAAL_RECRUITMENT_AI_BODY}Skaal are a sub-ethnos of the Nords, whose tribe lives in a village in the northeast of Solstheim Island. This self-name is widely used in everyday life, although in general the skaalas remember their Nordic descent. The settlement of the skaals is located to the east of the Isilde river, on the coast of Felsaad, north of Lake Fjalding. The villagers are known as very tolerant to strangers, friendly and even hearty people who willingly talk about their history and traditions, not feeling the slightest doubt and showing no signs of suspicion. From this day the Skaal tribe serves the foreign leader.

{SKAAL_RECRUITMENT_END_TITLE}SKAAL LEAVE!
{SKAAL_RECRUITMENT_END_BODY}Skaal Village and Thirsk were captured and the Solstheim folk, having lost its own home, would leave.

{LEAGUE_RECRUITMENT_PLAYER_TITLE}The Restless league
{LEAGUE_RECRUITMENT_PLAYER_BODY}FROM THE NEXT TURN YOU WILL BE ABLE TO HIRE UNITS OF THE RESTLESS LEAGUE IN THE CHAIN (HERNE) AND STROS M'KAI \n\n The Restless League has been in existence since 864 years of the 2nd Era, when Cyrus, an aristocrat from the clan of the Crowns, raised a rebellion against the Tiber Septim regime. The uprising ended with the signing of the First Treaty of Stros M'Kai ​​between Hammerfell and Cyrodiil, a peace treaty that implied certain concessions to the Redguards from the side of the Empire. The island of Stros M'kai remained independent and passed under the authority of the Restless League, once only a small group of mercenaries, today - a whole mercenary army. For a long time, the League was in the wrong hands, but you managed to regain power to its true leaders. For this, the League will thank you with help in the wars of present and future.

{LEAGUE_RECRUITMENT_AI_TITLE}The Restless league
{LEAGUE_RECRUITMENT_AI_BODY}The Restless League has been in existence since 864 years of the 2nd Era, when Cyrus, an aristocrat from the clan of the Crowns, raised a rebellion against the Tiber Septim regime. The uprising ended with the signing of the First Treaty of Stros M'Kai ​​between Hammerfell and Cyrodiil, a peace treaty that implied certain concessions to the Redguards from the side of the Empire. The island of Stros M'kai remained independent and passed under the authority of the Restless League, once only a small group of mercenaries, today - a whole mercenary army. For a long time, the League was in the wrong hands, but the clan of Crowns managed to regain power to its true leaders. For this, the League will thank this clan with help in the wars of present and future.

{LEAGUE_RECRUITMENT_END_TITLE}The Restless league is dissolved!
{LEAGUE_RECRUITMENT_END_BODY}As you lost the islands, he Restless league is dissolved!

{LEAGUE_HINT_TITLE}Stros M'kai
{LEAGUE_HINT_BODY}In the Abecean Sea, south of the Hews Bane Peninsula lies the islands of Stros M'kai and the Chain. This island of Stros M'kai is remarkable because it does not belong to anyone since the time of the year 864 of the 2nd Era, when Cyrus of the Crowns overthrew the authority of the Imperial Magistrate over the island. This coup ended with the signing of the First Treaty of Stros M'Kai. Now the island, as well as the neighboring islands of The Chain is under control of the Restless League, but in the ruling elite of the League there was a coup and power fell to unpopular but influential people. If you manage to capture the islands and remove the displeased authority, the League will be ready to repay us faithful service. \n\n YOU HAVE TO CONQUER ISLANDS OF STROS M'KAI AND HERNE in order to recruit the Restless League.

¬________________Rimmen_________________

{RIMMEN_HINT2_TITLE}THE CITY-STATE OF RIMMEN
{RIMMEN_HINT2_BODY}Rimmen belongs to you! Now rebuild the ancient Temple of Tonenaka, so that tsaesci of Rimmen will take your side. \n\n YOU NEED TO DESTROY TEMPLES OF OTHER RELIGIONS INSIDE RIMMEN!

{RIMMEN_HINT_TITLE}THE CITY-STATE OF RIMMEN
{RIMMEN_HINT_BODY}The city of Rimmen in Elsweyr was founded by the Akaviri who remained in Tamriel and were persecuted after the First Akavir invasion. They went to the mountains and built this mysterious city there, where they lived for a long time in seclusion. For a time, Rimmen was independent, then long passed from hand to hand. At the end of the Third Era, gangs of Khajiit subdued him, who use the city as an artery for the illicit trade in moon sugar. Tsaesci are ready to swear to anyone who will help them drive bandits out of the city. The army of mysterious serpent men from Akavir, famous for their unique fighting skills, is the key to power for any ruler. \n\n Tsaesci are immortal and hone their skills not just for years, but for centuries. The greatest master among the living Akiviris Rimmen considers Dinieras-Ves, the founder of the Fighters Guild. He announced that he would give his sword to the one who would help the Akaviri drive out the gangsters from the Rimmen and restore Tonenaka, an ancient sanctuary of a thousand statues. \n\n TO HAVE A UNION WITH RIMMEN, IT IS NECESSARY TO FREE THE CITY FROM THE REBELS AND TO BUILD THE STRUCTURE "TONENAKA PALACE"

{RIMMEN_TITLE}Message from an Akaviri descendant
{RIMMEN_BODY}My lord, an akaviri noble, the oldest and wisest of the Rimmen syffims, offers at your service his sword and an army of experienced Tsaesci warriors. He is ready to fight to the death for the one who rendered an invaluable service to the people of Rimman, freeing the city from the bandits and returning the ancient heritage.

{RIMMEN_ACCEPTED_TITLE}THE ARMY OF TSAESCI
{RIMMEN_ACCEPTED_BODY}My lord, we received a message from the leader of the syffims. He finds our decision wise and ready to fight. He leaves Rimman along with a host of battle-ready syffim veterans. Other Tsaesci have already got their armor and weapons from the bins to fight on our side in future wars.

{RIMMEN_DECLINED_TITLE}Message from an Akaviri noble
{RIMMEN_DECLINED_BODY}My lord, we received a message from the leader of the syffims. Your refusal has embarrassed the people of Tsaesci, but in gratitude for your help, they guarantee you peace and tranquility in the lands of Rimmen until you oppress their rights.

{RIMMEN_AI_TITLE}THE ARMY OF TSAESCI
{RIMMEN_AI_BODY}A foreign ruler helped free Rimmen from the bandits. Now he has at his disposal a formidable force - the army of the Tsaesci.

¬________________CLOCKWORK CITY_________________

{CC_HINT_TITLE}SOTHA SIL HAD GONE
{CC_HINT_BODY}The great god of the Tribunal Sotha Sil has disappeared. They say that he is now somewhere on the verge of the universe, in his unique creation - the Clockwork City. No one knows what the God of Wisdom is doing there, but they say, as if keeping the City safe, he is saving Mundus from destruction. Anyway, the disappearance of one of the spiritual leaders of Morrowind cannot but disturb Dunmer nobles. What if the Clockwork City falls into the hands of men, or worse, the cult of the Sixth House? Then we need to be prepared for a war like Tamriel has never seen before. It is said that Sotha Sil refers only to the strongest and wisest masters. Perhaps, if we prove that our Great House is the most worthy of the Houses of Morrowind, Lord Seht will come to us one day.

{CC_4E_HINT_TITLE}THE FORGOTTEN CITY
{CC_4E_HINT_BODY}It is rumored that a group of brave souls went in search of the forgotten creation of Sotha Sil - the Clockwork City. Although Seht himself is long dead, they say his followers still maintain the working capacity of this gigantic mechanism. It is not known what kind of knowledge Sotha Sil left behind, but if it fall into the wrong hands, there is no doubt that the world will face a threat worse than the daedra, dragons, or Dagoth Ur himself. It is said that Sotha Sil had previously addressed only the wisest and strongest rulers of Morrowind. Perhaps, if we bring our House to greatness, his followers will consider us worthy allies and decide to open for us the curtain of the secrets of the Clockwork City.

{CC_UR_HINT_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_UR_HINT_BODY}Oh great Dagoth Ur, all-seeing, sovereign of our thoughts! Like no one else, you should know perfectly well that Sotha Sil, one of the Three Traitors leading into darkness the prodigal people of Resdayn, once created a huge mechanism known as the Clockwork City. Those who have not yet known your benevolent touch, say that this creature holds secrets that can destroy the world of the living or bestow upon its owner an unbreakable army and unprecedented power. Perhaps there are kept secrets that will help us finally wake up Akulakhan, the Brass God, who is sleeping under the Red Mountain and complete Resdayn's union under your watchful eyes. Your faithful servants will monitor all the inclinations of Sotha Sil and his followers so that when the time comes, find a way to get to the Clokwork City.

¬________________GOOD_________________

{CC_MESSENGER_TITLE}STRANGE MESSENGER
{CC_MESSENGER_BODY}NOTE: CAREFULLY FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS!\n\n\n My lord!\n\n A strange messenger has come to our court - a mechanical creature in white robes who claims to serve the God of Wisdom, Sotha Sil. The machinery says that Lord Seht is asking for our help as the most powerful Great House of Morrowind. His unique creation, Clockwork City, seems to have been discovered by the ungodly creatures of Sharmat, and now the product of age-old works may fall into the hands of Dagoth Ur. If he gains control of the Clokwork City, Dagoth Ur will be able to throw into the army of factotum troops and, more importantly, complete his hideous creation - Akulakhan. To prevent him, you need to send an army to the Clockwork City, but for this you need to build a portal. Fortunately, the messenger knows how to do this, but you will need to spend a lot of resources, so it’s better to build a portal in one of our richest cities.\n\n PORTALS COULD BE BUILT ONLY IN THE NEXT SETTLEMENTS: VIVEC, NARSIS, THIR, BLACKLIGHT, PORT TELVANNIS

{CC_TITLE}MESSAGE FROM SOTHA SIL
{CC_BODY}The portal is built and ready to use, but Lord Seht warns that in case of defeat your soldiers will not be able to return home and will be locked in the Clockwork City. Are you sure you are ready for this battle?

{CC_ACCEPTED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_ACCEPTED_BODY}Our most valiant warriors set off through the portal to the Clockwork City, where they would be met by the loyal factotums of Sotha Sil. Let the battle begin!

{CC_DECLINED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_DECLINED_BODY}We did not have the determination to send our soldiers to certain death. Left alone with the creatures of Dagoth Ur, Sotha Sil and his warriors will not be able to defend the Clockwork City. The God of Wisdom is disappointed with our decision.

{CC_WON_BATTLE_TITLE}VICTORY!
{CC_WON_BATTLE_BODY}Thanks to the courage and self-sacrifice of your warriors, we managed to defend the Clockwork City. Sotha Sil now considers us the most worthy of the Great Houses of Morrowind. From now on, we can build portals in our cities and hire factotums from the Clockwork City. Tamriel has never seen such a formidable army!

{CC_LOST_BATTLE_TITLE}DEFEAT!
{CC_LOST_BATTLE_BODY}Despite all the efforts, our soldiers did not manage to defend the Clockwork City. Now Sharmat has at its disposal a truly awful knowledge and technology. We can only prepare for a new bloody war.


{CC2_MESSENGER_TITLE}STRANGE MESSENGER
{CC2_MESSENGER_BODY}NOTE: CAREFULLY FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS!\n\n\n My lord!\n\n A strange messenger has come to our court - a mechanical creature in white robes who claims to serve the God of Wisdom, Sotha Sil. The machinery says that Lord Seht considers us the most worthy of the Great Houses of Morrowind and offers his help - an army of his factotums from Clockwork City. You need to build a portal in the Clockwork City, but you will have to spend a lot of resources, so it’s better to build a portal in one of our richest cities.\n\n PORTALS COULD BE BUILT ONLY IN THE NEXT SETTLEMENTS: VIVEC, NARSIS, THIR, BLACKLIGHT, PORT TELVANNIS

{CC2_TITLE}MESSAGE FROM SOTHA SIL
{CC2_BODY}The portal is built and ready to use. Are you sure you want to summon Sota Sil and his army?

{CC2_ACCEPTED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC2_ACCEPTED_BODY}From now on, we can build portals in our cities and hire factotums from the Clockwork City. Tamriel has never seen such a formidable army!

{CC2_DECLINED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC2_DECLINED_BODY}The God of Wisdom is disappointed with our decision.

¬________________BAD_________________

{CC_UR_MESSENGER_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY HAS BEEN LOCATED
{CC_UR_MESSENGER_BODY}NOTE: CAREFULLY FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS!\n\n\n Oh great, ever-vigilant Dagoth Ur!\n\n Your faithful servants were able to discover the Clokwork City! It seems that the traitor Seht, the murderer of Nerevar, is creating something unimaginable in the Clockwork City - an exact copy of the Heart of Lorkhan. Energy from such a source would undoubtedly help us to awaken the great Brass God from sleep, so that the prodigal sons of Resdayn would fall before your will. But to get to this sacred  for Sotha Sil place, you need to build a portal similar to those used by Seht himself and his servants. Our scouts say that for this we need the energy of such power, which can be found only in one place - in your impregnable citadel, in the heart of Red Mountain. We understand that nothing can escape the gaze of our beloved brother, but let the contemptible remind: in the corridors of the Clockwork City, our faithful warriors will be waited by dangerous traps and powerful mechanisms - factotums, imitation of life, recreated thanks to the arrogant ignorance of Sotha Sil. Perhaps when the Clockwork City is subject to us, we will be able to set these unfortunates on the only right path.\n\n YOU COULD BUILT PORTAL TO THE CLOCKWORK CITY ONLY IN DAGOTH UR

{CC_UR_TITLE}PATH TO THE CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_UR_BODY}Great Dagoth Ur, father of all dreamers! We managed to build a portal in the Clockwork City. It is necessary to immediately send our faithful warriors there in order to take away his creation from the one who imagines himself God. We must understand that in case of defeat, we will not be able to bring our brothers back and they will be destroyed by the treacherous servants of the Traitor. Are we ready for battle?

{CC_UR_ACCEPTED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_UR_ACCEPTED_BODY}Our brave brothers went through the portal and got into the Clockwork City to prevent the crazy experiments of Sota Sil. Let the battle begin!

{CC_UR_DECLINED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_UR_DECLINED_BODY}Oh all-seeing brother! Whatever your intention, we will follow it. If you think that it is too early for us to attack the Clockwork City, so be it!

{CC_UR_WON_BATTLE_TITLE}VICTORY
{CC_UR_WON_BATTLE_BODY}The divine touch of Dagoth Ur fell on the Clockwork City! Sotha Sil and his pathetic hangers-on have been destroyed. Now all the secrets of the Clockwork City are open to us, and the factotums have rejected the lies of Seht and bowed down before the Sixth House! Having learned all the secrets of this mechanism, we will soon be able to wake the Brass God!

{CC_UR_LOST_BATTLE_TITLE}DEFEAT!
{CC_UR_LOST_BATTLE_BODY}Perhaps this is your punishment for our disbelief, Great Brother, but our warriors were defeated in the battle for the Clockwork City. The traitor Sotha Sil and his warriors prevailed and access to the Clockwork City is now closed. We will have to look for other ways to fulfill your plan...

{CC_UR2_MESSENGER_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY HAS BEEN LOCATED
{CC_UR2_MESSENGER_BODY}NOTE: CAREFULLY FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS!\n\n\n Oh great, ever-vigilant Dagoth Ur!\n\n Your faithful servants were able to discover the Clokwork City! It seems that the fallen traitor Seht, the murderer of Nerevar, is created something unimaginable in the Clockwork City - an exact copy of the Heart of Lorkhan. Energy from such a source would undoubtedly help us to awaken the great Brass God from sleep, so that the prodigal sons of Resdayn would fall before your will. But to get to this sacred for dead Sotha Sil place, you need to build a portal similar to those used by Seht himself and his servants. Our scouts say that for this we need the energy of such power, which can be found only in one place - in your impregnable citadel, in the heart of Red Mountain. We understand that nothing can escape the gaze of our beloved brother, but let the contemptible remind: in the corridors of the Clockwork City, our faithful warriors will be waited by dangerous traps and powerful mechanisms - factotums, imitation of life, recreated thanks to the arrogant ignorance of Sotha Sil. Perhaps when the Clockwork City is subject to us, we will be able to set these unfortunates on the only right path.\n\n YOU COULD BUILT PORTAL TO THE CLOCKWORK CITY ONLY IN DAGOTH UR

{CC_UR2_TITLE}PATH TO THE CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_UR2_BODY}Great Dagoth Ur, father of all dreamers! We managed to build a portal in the Clockwork City. It is necessary to immediately send our servants to there. Are we ready?

{CC_UR2_ACCEPTED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_UR2_ACCEPTED_BODY}The divine touch of Dagoth Ur fell on the Clockwork City! Now all the secrets of the Clockwork City are open to us, and the factotums have rejected the lies of Seht and bowed down before the Sixth House! Having learned all the secrets of this mechanism, we will soon be able to wake the Brass God!

{CC_UR2_DECLINED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_UR2_DECLINED_BODY}Oh all-seeing brother! Whatever your intention, we will follow it. If you think that it is too early for us to take the Clockwork City, so be it!

{BRASS_GOD_TITLE}THE BRASS GOD!
{BRASS_GOD_BODY}Akulakhan has awakened! Now the Brass God will lead the armies of Dagoth Ur, the lord of the Sixth House, and bring death and destruction to the lands of his enemies. The followers of the Tribunal and all other inhabitants of Tamriel have to pray to their gods and hope that  there is at least some kind of power in this world that can stop the Second Numidium.

¬________________4E_________________

{CC_4E_MESSENGER_TITLE}MESSAGE FROM ALFE FYR
{CC_4E_MESSENGER_BODY}NOTE: CAREFULLY FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS!\n\n\n My lord!\n\n A woman came to our court, calling herself Alfe - the daughter of Divayth Fyr. She claims that she and the group of travelers managed to find a way to access the Clockwork City. Once there, they met with a follower of the fallen god Sotha Sil, a certain Galyn the Shelterer. He claims that the creation of Sotha Sil is now under the threat of being captured by a certain Mecinar, a former student of the fallen god. If the City falls into his hands, Mecinar could be a threat not only to Morrowind, but to all of Tamriel. Alfe Fyr says that Galyn relies on us as the most powerful Great House of Morrowind, just as his teacher had previously done. He sends us secret drawings that will allow us to build a portal in the Clockwork City, but according to Alfe, for this we will need a lot of space and resources. Are we ready to take on such responsibility?\n\n PORTALS COULD BE BUILT ONLY IN THE NEXT SETTLEMENTS: MOURNHOLD, BLACKLIGHT, PORT TELVANNIS, NECROM

{CC_4E_TITLE}MESSAGE FROM GALYN THE SHELTERER
{CC_4E_BODY}As soon as the portal was finished, a mysterious Dunmer came out to meet us, introducing himself as Galyn the Shelterer. He says that there is no time for doubts, because Mecinar reached the depths of the Clockwork City and subdued some of the factotums. To defeat Mecinar, we need to take our soldiers through the portal and face his mechanical army. If we win, Galyn will let the factotums fight for us, and if we lose, our surviving warriors will be trapped and not be able to return. Are we ready to protect the Clockwork City?

{CC_4E_ACCEPTED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_4E_ACCEPTED_BODY}Our warriors passed through the portal to the walls of the Clockwork City, where Galyn and his mechanical soldiers were waiting for us. The path to the creation of Sotha Sil is blocked by Mecinar and factotums captured by him. Let the battle begin!

{CC_4E_DECLINED_TITLE}CLOCKWORK CITY
{CC_4E_DECLINED_BODY}We are not ready to send our soldiers to certain death. Without our help, Galyn and his allies were left alone to face Mecinar's army.

{CC_4E_WON_BATTLE_TITLE}VICTORY!
{CC_4E_WON_BATTLE_BODY}Our brave warriors managed to defeat the apostate Mecinar! In gratitude for the help, Galyn swears allegiance to our Great House and is ready to provide us with an army of factotums. From now on, we can build portals in our cities and hire to serve mechanical soldiers of Sotha Sil.

{CC_4E_LOST_BATTLE_TITLE}DEFEAT!
{CC_4E_LOST_BATTLE_BODY}We were defeated! The surviving warriors are locked in a trap, and their fate is sealed. A formidable army of factotums and horrific secrets of the Clockwork City are now in hands of Mecinar.

¬________________SKYRIM CIVIL WAR_________________

{REBELLION_4E_TITLE}SKYRIM CIVIL WAR
{REBELLION_4E_BODY}4E 201, the month of the Sun's Height has come. Despite your many reasons, this indecisive young man, King Torygg of Solitude, refuses to declare the independence of Skyrim, our Fatherland, from the miserable and dying Empire. Such an act is not worthy of the Nord and the King; there is no justification for him. Our allies in Riften, Dawnstar and Winterhold are ready to support us if we rebel now against usurpers. What is our move, my jarl? Are we ready to act or has our time not yet come?

{REBELLION_ACCEPTED_4E_TITLE}SKYRIM CIVIL WAR
{REBELLION_ACCEPTED_4E_BODY}Let the rebellion begin! You proved Torygg's weakness by defeating him in a fair fight! Your right to the Skyrim crown is undeniable. Let’s see if the Imperials have the courage to respond to our decisive move.

{REBELLION_DECLINED_4E_TITLE}SKYRIM CIVIL WAR
{REBELLION_DECLINED_4E_BODY}Our time has not come yet. We will wait for the opportunity to attack the usurpers.

{REBELLION_BEFORE_4E_TITLE}SKYRIM CIVIL WAR
{REBELLION_BEFORE_4E_BODY}My jarl, we attacked lands, loyal to the king and now he will never let you into Solitude, so that you can prove your claims in a fair fight. We will have to defend Skyrim’s right to independence only by force.

{REBELLION_AFTER_4E_TITLE}SKYRIM CIVIL WAR
{REBELLION_AFTER_4E_BODY}My jarl, we attacked lands, loyal to the king and now he will never let you into Solitude, so that you can prove your claims in a fair fight. We will have to defend Skyrim’s right to independence only by force. In addition, we missed a good moment to attack and our allies were not ready for war. We will have to make more efforts to defeat the usurper.

{REBELLION_AI_4E_TITLE}TURMOIL IN SKYRIM
{REBELLION_AI_4E_BODY}Skyrim, the cold land of the Nords, plunged into the abyss of Civil War. Ulfric Stormcloak, Jarl of Windhelm, killed the High King Torygg, declared Skyrim independent of the Empire, and attacked the loyal Holds. The Empire, in order to suppress the uprising, sends to the north part of its legions, led by the experienced general Tullius. It is not known how this bickering will end, but of course, a wise ruler is able to derive his benefit from such turmoil.

{REBELLION_PLAYER_SKYRIM_4E_TITLE}TREASON
{REBELLION_PLAYER_SKYRIM_4E_BODY}Jarl Ulfric, who had once taken the oath of allegiance to our king, revolted. Appearing at the palace, he murdered King Torygg on a far-fetched pretext and is now trying to force prove his right to rule over Skyrim. We cannot tolerate such insolence. Our faithful ally, the Empire, is already sending legions to support the faithful sons of Skyrim. Together we will be able to punish the traitor for his impudence.

{REBELLION_PLAYER_SKYRIM_AU_4E_TITLE}SKYRIM CIVIL WAR
{REBELLION_PLAYER_SKYRIM_AU_4E_BODY}My king! Your scouts have found evidence that Ulfric Stormcloak, Jarl of Windhelm, is plotting conspiracy against the crown. In order to suppress his vile thoughts and protect the crown from assassination attempts, our labels dealt a preventive strike on the lands of his allies. The Empire, our ally, is already sending us their cohorts, led by an experienced military commander, General Tullius, to end the troublemaker as quickly as possible.

{REBELLION_SK_BETRAY_4E_TITLE}SKYRIM CIVIL WAR
{REBELLION_SK_BETRAY_4E_BODY}During fierce battles with rebel forces calling themselves the Stormcloaks, one of our generals attacked imperial soldiers. Whatever motives lead him, now the Empire considers us traitors and withdraws its troops from Skyrim. Perhaps we are now facing a war on two fronts. The only question, does Skyrim ready for it?

{REBELLION_SK_4E_TITLE}UNEXPECTED ALLIES
{REBELLION_SK_4E_BODY}My king, our decision to declare war on the Empire brought unexpected results: Ulfric Stormcloaks, Jarl of Windhelm, is delighted with your determination and is ready to fight side by side with us against the usurpers from the south. Although he and his allies guarantee us their loyalty, Ulfric has repeatedly shown that he does not shy from cruelty and arbitrariness. Are we ready to trust such an ally?

{REBELLION_SK_ACCEPTED_4E_TITLE}UNEXPECTED ALLIES
{REBELLION_SK_ACCEPTED_4E_BODY}My king, Ulfric Stormcloak and his Stormcloaks will now fight for us. For the first time in many centuries, Skyrim united to crush a common enemy. Glory to the High King!

{REBELLION_SK_DECLINED_4E_TITLE}UNEXPECTED ALLIES
{REBELLION_SK_DECLINED_4E_BODY}Ulfric Stormcloak has repeatedly proved his unloyalty. In the war with the Empire, stakes are high and we cannot rely on people like him.

{HELP_4E_TITLE}REBELLION IN SKYRIM
{HELP_4E_BODY}My Emperor, Jarl of Windhelm, Ulfric Stormcloak, who had repeatedly proved his unloyalty, rebelled against the legitimate authority in Skyrim. He has killed the High King and is now about to go to Solitude. The loss of Skyrim could hit our positions in a future war with Thalmor and lead to concern on the northern borders of Cyrodiil. Faithful jarls ask you to bring legions into the province to punish the traitor, but most of our forces are now focused on preparing for the war with Thalmor. Can we afford to share our forces now, or will the jarls have to deal with this threat themselves?

{HELP_ACCEPTED_4E_TITLE}REBELLION IN SKYRIM
{HELP_ACCEPTED_4E_BODY}By your will, General Tullius, at the head of one legion, is sent to Skyrim to inflict a crushing defeat on the traitor from Windhelm. Our support for Skyrim will serve as a lesson to all rebellious forces.

{HELP_DECLINED_4E_TITLE}REBELLION IN SKYRIM
{HELP_DECLINED_4E_BODY}You made a difficult but wise decision, my Emperor. The forces of the crown should be more than enough to crush the rebels, and the legions should be focused on the protection of our southern borders.

¬________________DOVAHKIIN_________________

{DOVAHKIIN_TITLE}THE DRAGONBORN COMES!
{DOVAHKIIN_BODY}My Lord! The Dragonborn himself appeared to our court - a man who defeated Alduin and revived the Order of Blades. A mighty warrior and possessor of the crushing power of Thu'um, surrounded by faithful allies, wants to join our court. Are we ready to accept such an ally?

{DOVAHKIIN_ACCEPTED_TITLE}THE DRAGONBORN COMES!
{DOVAHKIIN_ACCEPTED_BODY}Dragonborn, Dragonborn, by his honor is sword,\n
To keep evil forever at bay!\n
And the fiercest foes rout when they hear triumph's shout,\n
Dragonborn, for your blessing we pray!
\n\n\n
Hearken now, sons of snow, to an age, long ago,\n
And the tale, boldly told, of the one!\n
Who was kin to both wyrm, and the races of man,\n
With a power to rival the sun!
\n\n\n
And the voice, he did wield, on that glorious field,\n
When great Tamriel shuddered with war!\n
Mighty Thu'um, like a blade, cut through enemies all,\n
As the Dragonborn issued his roar!
\n\n\n
Dragonborn, Dragonborn, by his honor is sword,\n
To keep evil forever at bay!\n
And the fiercest foes rout when they hear triumph's shout,\n
Dragonborn, for your blessing we pray!
\n\n\n
And the Scrolls have foretold, of black wings in the cold,\n
That when brothers wage war come unfurled!\n
Alduin, Bane of Kings, ancient shadow unbound,\n
With a hunger to swallow the world!
\n\n\n
But a day, shall arise, when the dark dragon's lies,\n
Will be silenced forever and then!\n
Fair Skyrim will be free from foul Alduins maw,\n
Dragonborn be the savior of men!\n
\n\n\n
Dragonborn, Dragonborn, by his honor is sword,\n
To keep evil forever at bay!\n
And the fiercest foes rout when they hear triumph's shout,\n
Dragonborn, for your blessing we pray!

{DOVAHKIIN_DECLINED_TITLE}THE DRAGONBORN
{DOVAHKIIN_DECLINED_BODY}The leader of a powerful state does not need help from the rootless, no matter who he calls himself. Who knows if all his exploits are not fiction? Whatever plans this person makes in his heart, he will have to look for less picky allies for his accomplishments.

{DOVAHKIIN_AI_TITLE}THE DRAGONBORN COMES!
{DOVAHKIIN_AI_BODY}Jarls of Skyrim have a new mighty ally - the last Dragonborn, who saved the world from Alduin. We should be careful if we are going to fight the Old Kingdom, because such a warrior can easily change the course of any battle.

{DOVAHKIIN_DEAD_TITLE}THE DRAGONBORN IS DEAD!
{DOVAHKIIN_DEAD_BODY}One way or another, we are all mortal, only a few managed to subjugate death. The Last Dragonborn of Skyrim did not have power over death and he left the this world eventually. From now on, he always feasts with other heroes in the Halls of Sovngarde. His friends mourn the departure of this great man, and the enemies give prayers to their gods in gratitude for his death.


{WELCOME_TO_COVENANT_TITLE}Welcome to Daggerfall Covenant!
{WELCOME_TO_COVENANT_BODY}"It is fortunate for our peoples — indeed, for all the peoples of Tamriel — that the true flame of the Empire of Man still burns in the Daggerfall Covenant. These are terrible times, but our destiny lies before us as straight and true as the Reman roads: we must march on Cyrodiil, overthrow the false empress and all her brood, and restore the Empire of Tamriel. Then once more peace and justice will rule the provinces, rather than blood and fire." — High King Emeric \n\n Originally, the Daggerfall Covenant was a treaty made by the kingdoms of High Rock after Durcorach the Black Drake's failed invasion in 2E 541. The terms of the treaty were that if High Rock came under attack from any outside army, all kingdoms would protect the province and the other kingdoms within. \n\n The main reason the Daggerfall Covenant was established in 2E 563 was to end the poverty and suffering throughout the kingdoms of High Rock and Hammerfell caused by dwindling trade routes, which in turn was caused by the many wars happening throughout the land such as King Ranser's War. This could not be done as long as an enemy sat on the Ruby Throne. \n\n The Merchant King of Wayrest, Emeric, took action and united the previously warring races of Breton, Redguard and Orc. He earned the trust of the kings of High Rock, earned alliance of the Redguards by a diplomatic marriage with Maraya of Sentinel, and finally, made a war treaty with the Orcs. \n\n The Redguards, a disciplined and martial people, have grudgingly agreed to join the Orcs thanks to the cunning Bretons, whose political and economic savvy make victory for the Covenant seem possible. Despite internal struggles, the Covenant believes that only it can provide the strong leadership and plan for prosperity the Empire needs to survive. \n\n Much like the Ebonheart Pact, the Daggerfall Covenant united races that were commonly known as old enemies; the Bretons, Orcs and Redguards. Due to the events in both Cyrodiil and High Rock itself, trade routes, the region's main sources of income, were disrupted. This caused much poverty and suffering, and ultimately forced the people of the Iliac Bay and the surrounding areas to unite under one banner. \n\n  The Daggerfall Covenant stretches over the provinces of High Rock, Hammerfell, the city-state of Orsinium and the Colovian Highlands in Cyrodiil. Its capital is the city of Wayrest, built on two shores of the Bjoulsae River in High Rock. The faction is led by the High King Emeric. \n\n The Covenant's motivations for fighting are to restore the Empire and to end all the chaos and suffering going on in Tamriel caused due to the Empire's collapse.

{WELCOME_TO_COVENANT1_TITLE}Welcome to High Rock!
{WELCOME_TO_COVENANT1_BODY}Emeric was originally a merchant prince from High Rock, son of Pierric of Cumberland. In his youth Emeric learned not only economics, but at his father's insistence also how to ride and fight. For a time he trained with the Menevia Dragoons and even served as a mounted escort for the Evermore Caravan, fighting bandits, goblins, and Reachmen \n\nIn 2E 541 Durcorach the Black Drake led an army of Reachmen into Bangkorai, brutally sacking Evermore and Hallin's Stand before besieging Wayrest. Emeric fought in the Siege of Wayrest, which lasted for fifty-seven days. Durcorach was impatient and had no siege engines, and so left a small force to continue the siege of Wayrest and marched his army into Glenumbra, sacking Camlorn and besieging Daggerfall. \n\n Emeric was able to convince King Gardner of Wayrest to send the Menevia Dragoons by sea to attack Durcorach's army from behind. Emeric took the Reachmen completely by surprise, and as the Dragoons cut a swath through the Reachmen and Emeric slew Durcorach in single combat, King Bergamot of Daggerfall led a sortie. Caught between two armies, the Reachmen were soundly defeated. \n\n A fortnight later, Emeric was present as the First Daggerfall Covenant was formed, comprising the Breton kingdoms of Daggerfall, Camlorn, Shornhelm, Wayrest, and Evermore. \n\n Emeric ascended to the throne of Wayrest in 2E 563, after the Knahaten Flu killed most of his family. He married King Fahara'jad of Alik'r's daughter Maraya, with whom he had a son and a daughter. And his brother Nathaniel of Alcaire married Maraya's sister Lakana. This strengthened the alliance between the Bretons and the Redguards, though caused strife within High Rock, as Emeric rejected King Ranser of Shornhelm's daughter for Maraya. \n\n Ranser was infuriated by Emeric choosing Maraya over his own daughter, and in 2E 566 Ranser led the army of Shornhelm, bolstered by many mercenaries, into Stormhaven to besiege Wayrest. Fortunately, a stubborn defense by Emeric's Lion Guard ended Ranser's hope for a swift victory, instead turning into a long siege. The Daggerfall Covenant bore fruit, as Breton forces from across High Rock arrived to assist Emeric, and before long Redguard and Orsimer forces joined them thanks to Emeric's skill at diplomacy. Attacked from all sides, Ranser was slowly but surely forced into retreat back to Rivenspire. Eventually Ranser's host was surrounded at Traitor's Tor where his army was annihilated at the battle of Markwasten Moor, and Ranser himself was slain. \n\n After the unprecedented cooperation of Breton, Redguard, and Orsimer forces during King Ranser's War, Emeric was able to convince them to form the Second, or Greater, Daggerfall Covenant, with Emeric himself as the High King.

{WELCOME_TO_COVENANT2_TITLE}Welcome to Hammerfell!
{WELCOME_TO_COVENANT2_BODY}King Fahara'jad is king of both, crowns and forebears. He married Za-Rifah, the "Flower of Taneth", with whom he had three children: the eldest Maraya, the "Jewel of Satakalaam", his second-daughter Lakana, the "Star of the Almandine", and the young Crown Prince Azah, the "Lion of Antiphyllos". \n\n According to the biography The All-Beneficent King Fahara'jad, when Fahara'jad was a prince of Antiphyllos, he hunted birds in the Garden of the Grandees. After he killed a crow, Onsi himself descended from the heavens to save the prince from a vengeful hagraven. The tale says Onsi intervened because Fahara'jad was prophesied to lead his people during the "Years of Peril" (of course, the only witness to this encounter was Fahara'jad himself). \n\n His daughter Maraya married to King Emeric of Wayrest in the spring of 2E 566, resulting in a prosperous trade agreement between the two prominent Iliac Bay kingdoms (and a war between Wayrest and Shornhelm). Published excerpts from The History of Histories, As Told to Young Prince Fahara'jad include The True-Told Tale of Hallin and The Worthy Ar-Azal, His Deeds. The latter gives a history lesson for him on Ar-Azal, a former High King of Hammerfell and Fahara'jad's great-grand uncle. His lineage is further discussed in The Royal Lineage of Sentinel. \n\n During the Three Banners War, Fahara'jad represents all the Redguards of Hammerfell, and he called on all "loyal sons and daughters of Alik'r" to defend the Covenant. He offered protection to any ships sailing under the banner of the Covenant, as well as bounties on the vessels and crews allied with the Aldmeri Dominion or the Ebonheart Pact. \n\n Crowns often called Fahara'jad a usurper, amongst other aspersions. It is rumored that a traitorous adviser named Suturah slew several of Fahara'jad's other advisers as part of an attempt on the king's life, which ultimately failed. After that he escaped from Sentinel, continuing in his plots
{WELCOME_TO_COVENANT3_TITLE}Welcome to New Orsinium!
{WELCOME_TO_COVENANT3_BODY}After the transformation of the Orsimer deity known as Trinimac into the Daedric Prince Malacath, the Orcs, who transformed as well, fled to the northern wastes, near Saarthal. After hundreds of orcs, ogres, goblins, gremlins and other beastfolk were set free by the Altmer during the Camoran Dynasty, they chose to settle in an uninhabited mountain region close to Old Hroldan in High Rock, as their people were dependent on a rare, shaggy, giant centipede herd-beast that can only survive at high altitudes.In the tenth century of the First Era, chieftain Torug gro-Igron brought the Orcish people together and founded a village in the western Wrothgarian Mountains. Thanks to the cooperation of several Orcish clans, particularly Igrun, Morkul, Shatul, and Tumnosh, the village quickly grew into a great stone city. The first Orsinium drew the Orcs by its magnificence and Torug's vision of a united Orc nation. It continued to grow and prosper in the First Era, also absorbing the Orc refugees who were fleeing Hammerfell due to the Ra Gada invasion. \n\n After a while, the Orsinium army grew determined to capture the Bjoulsae River and force the kingdom of Wayrest to provide compensation for its services. Naturally, this did not settle well with their neighboring kingdoms, especially the Kingdom of Daggerfall. In 1E 948, King Joile of Daggerfall sent a letter to Gaiden Shinji of the Order of the Diagna, which proposed a joint attack on Orsinium. Agreeing to provide aid, an alliance was formed between the Order of Diagna and the armies of Daggerfall (High Rock) and Sentinel (Hammerfell). The armies amassed and began a campaign for the destruction of Orsinium.During the campaign, which became widely known as the Siege of Orsinium, the Breton armies of Daggerfall, the Redguard soldiers of Sentinel, and the Yokudan Order of Diagna invaded the Orc homeland. The Orcs gave much resistance and proved themselves to be fearsome and brutal warriors, just as they did in the past. However, king Joile of Daggerfall already planned to betray the Redguards and invade Hammerfell after having destroyed Orsinium. He and his Reachman general, Mercedene of the Winterborn, tricked the Orcish hero Baloth Bloodtusk and his Savage Sons, who initially did not take part in the war, to join King Golkarr of Orsinium. Afterwards, he manipulated the leader of the Order of Diagna, Gaiden Shinji, into having a duel with Bloodtusk over Orsinium's fate. During the duel, Mercedene ordered Joile's archers to kill both combatants, effectively removing the most powerful warriors of both Orsinium and the Order of Diagna for Joile. Eventually, after a 30 year siege, the allied forces breached Orsinium and overran the city, completely razing it in 1E 980. Even before Orsinium was razed, King Joile executed his plan of invading Hammerfell in 1E 973, but he was defeated and killed at the Bangkorai Pass by the Ansei warrior Makela Leki. Although the siege marked the destruction of Orsinium, the Orsimer homeland would rise again.The first Orsinium was rebuilt and razed again at least two more times.The land briefly became an Imperial province under the rule of the Akaviri Potentate. During that time, Frostbreak Fortress was built to help defend it. \n\n After the assassination of Savirien-Chorak in 2E 430, the province lost its status as an Imperial territory, and Orsinium was destroyed for the second time in 2E 431. At some point after that, Orsinium got under control of the first Daggerfall Covenant. When King Ranser of Shornhelm attacked Wayrest in 2E 566, King Emeric of Wayrest sent emissaries into Wrothgar and promised to return Orsinium to the Orcs in exchange for helping him defeat Ranser. The clan of Kurog gro-Bagrakh answered his call and helped annihilate Ranser's forces at Markwasten Moor. These events led to the formation of the Second Daggerfall Covenant, and Orsinium, ruled by King Kurog, became a part of it. \n\n King Kurog, alternatively known as Kurog gro-Orsinium and Kurog gro-Bagrakh, is the King of Wrothgar and rules from Orsinium. He only rules in theory in northern Wrothgar, which is a patchwork of Strongholds, but he does control southern Wrothgar.
Kurog is a controversial ruler, as he joined the Daggerfall Covenant - comprised primarily of Redguards and Bretons, who had antagonized the Orcs for centuries. Moreover, Kurog publicly insists that his people worship Trinimac rather than the Daedric Prince Malacath, which fails to convince many other Covenant citizens and makes him unpopular with his people.

{WELCOME_TO_DOMINION_TITLE}Welcome to the First Aldmeri Dominion!
{WELCOME_TO_DOMINION_BODY}"I have no hatred for the races of Man, but they are young. Like all children, they are driven by emotion. They lack the wisdom that comes with age. I would sooner place an Altmer infant on the Ruby Throne than surrender Tamriel to their capricious whims. The Altmer, the Bosmer and the Khajiit share the common traits of intelligence, patience and reason. We do not seek riches or plunder. Domination is not our goal, nor is the acclamation of power for its own sake. Today we make our stand. Today we take back the Ruby Throne, which is ours by ancient right and the blessings of the Divines. Stand with us." ―Your Queen Commands, Ayrenn Arana Aldmeri \n\n  The Aldmeri Dominion was formed sometime between 2E 580 and 2E 582 by the Altmer (it can also be referred to as the 'brainchild' of Queen Ayrenn). They were afraid of the disaster that the younger races could bring to Nirn. After the news of the Imperial City being taken over by Molag Bal worshippers had reached Summerset Isle, the Altmer reached out to their old allies, neighboring races—Bosmer and Khajiit. At the same time, the Bosmer and Khajiit were facing troubles of their own and in need of allies. Consequently, the Summerset Isles, Valenwood, and Elsweyr joined together to form the Dominion, which by the end of 2E 580 had entered the Alliance War[2] to claim Cyrodiil's Ruby Throne and control of Tamriel, as well as to prevent the rival Daggerfall Covenant and Ebonheart Pact from doing the same.  As they had done many times before, they swore that with the combined forces of the three races, they shall prevent the disaster that was to come. \n\n Convinced that the younger, less sophisticated races have dominated Tamriel too long, the Dominion seeks to right the course of history. The cultured and typically reclusive Altmer have emerged from their ancestral home of the Summerset Isles alongside the Bosmer of Valenwood and crafty Khajiit of Elsweyr to usher in a new era of peace and law. \n\n  The Aldmeri Dominion stretches over the provinces of the Summerset Isles, Valenwood and Elsweyr. Its capital is Elden Root, hidden deep within the forests of the Bosmeri Valenwood. The Faction is led by the young Queen Ayrenn. She inherited the throne when the previous Altmer ruler, her father King Hidellith, passed away. She was, no doubt, one of the youngest leaders in the history of Mer. She was a mere 25 years old when she became Queen (7th of Frostfall, 2E 580). Despite her youth, Queen Ayrenn was said to have virtues rare among her kind. She was an honorable, intelligent, and stubborn leader. Before she took the role of a queen, she was said to have been an adventurer and had set foot in every province of Tamriel. \n\n The Dominion's motivations for fighting are to restore Elven rule to Tamriel - the land which they settled long before men arrived from Atmora.

{WELCOME_TO_DOMINION1_TITLE}Welcome to Summerset Isles!
{WELCOME_TO_DOMINION1_BODY}Ayrenn was born the eldest child of King Hidellith of Alinor and Kinlady Tuinden, on the 5th of Second Seed in 2E 555. Her conception and naming was ordained by the Scrolls of Praxis. All of Summerset, Auridon, and Artaeum are said to have celebrated her auspicious birth for fifty-five days. It was foretold that Princess Ayrenn would reflect the restless and turbulent times in which she was born, and would one day bring innovations to the rule of the Summerset Isles. From an early age, the nimble and quick-witted princess would often adopt unorthodox approaches to schoolwork, and sometimes went missing for several days, only to return with unusual knowledge and mastery of skills. She trained in blades beside her father, rode horses along Summerset's golden beaches, and memorized the history and sonnets of her people. \n\n Ayrenn would later disappear from the Summerset Isles at the age of eight, somewhere between the Alinor palace and the Crystal Tower in the year 2E 563. The entire royal family of Alinor had gathered at the Crystal Tower to celebrate Ayrenn's matriculation to the Sapiarchs' Labyrinth, where she was to study Altmeri Regal Praxis and Ceremoniarchy for a requisite 3,555 days.This time of intensive study had been required by all Summerset rulers in the past, and Ayrenn was to step into that period with arms wide. The Sapiarchs reported that the night of her disappearance was filled with signs and portents. The constellation of the Lady seemed to ride the constellation of the Steed, while the Great Orrery spun backward, and a young eaglet was found atop the statue of Topal the Explorer. \n\n While the Justiciars began their long search for the princess, Ayrenn was already on the Isle of Balfiera. It is here where she began a new life with Direnni at the Adamantine Tower. The members of that clan trained Ayrenn in the art of war, turning her simple noble swordplay to lithe and seasoned blade-dancing. Her beachside rides became forced marches on horseback, and her singing of sonnets gave way to the study of the arcane arts. Ayrenn's eldest brother, Prince Naemon, would later be named heir to the throne of Alinor. \n\n Following the death of King Hidellith in 2E 580, Ayrenn made an unexpected return to the Summerset Isles, travelling by swan ship from Port Velyn in Valenwood. After arriving in Firsthold, she announced that she was prepared, as the eldest heir, to assume the Throne of Alinor, and the High Justiciar affirmed that this was her right. She was crowned Queen Ayrenn on the 7th of Frostfall in the same year. It is said that the Sapiarchs endorsed all of the innovations Ayrenn brought to the rule of the Summerset Isles. \n\n During her extensive travels around Tamriel before returning to Summerset, Ayrenn suffered personally at the hands of Abnur Tharn in the Imperial City, sparking her a hatred of men. The Aldmeri Dominion was the brainchild of Queen Ayrenn after having assumed the throne, and she saw it as the Altmer's duty to retake the White-Gold Tower, which the Mer originally built, and to eradicate the Daedric threat menacing Nirn. Her new Dominion aided the Camoran King Aeradan in repelling the Colovian invasion of Valenwood,and also helped restore order to Elsweyr from the chaos that followed the devastating Khahaten Flu. \n\n A group of High Elven supremacists, racists, and isolationists called the Veiled Heritance formed in response to Ayrenn's return. Seeking an end to the Dominion, they believed that the Queen had been corrupted by her alliance with the Bosmer and Khajiit, which "elevated their races" to be equals with the Altmer. Their goals included forcing Ayrenn to step down as Queen so they may appoint their own regent, and for everyone not of High Elven descent to leave the Summerset Isles.

{WELCOME_TO_DOMINION2_TITLE}Welcome to Valenwood!
{WELCOME_TO_DOMINION2_BODY}King Aeradan was the king of Valenwood during the rise of the First Almderi Dominion. In the grips of an internal civil war within itself, The Cabal of the Imperial City took advantage of the Camoran Dynasty’s disarray by launching an invasion of northern Valenwood along the Colovian boarder into Cyrodiil. In this time of need, Aeradan turned to the help offered by Queen Ayrenn and the Aldmeri Dominion in repelling the Colovian Forces. This alliance between them could be considered the very first beginnings of the First Aldmeri Dominion. \n\n The History of the Camoran Dynasty dates back to one of the earliest dates in Tamriel’s recorded History, 1E 0. Little is known about the Elf himself, but it is told that it was King Eplear who founded the Dynasty and first succeeded in uniting the fractured clans of Valenwood, Tamriel’s earliest Bosmer, and created their first effective political identity. This is considered one of the “greatest military feats in Tamriel’s history.”
Next to this, Eplear is probably best known for openly welcoming and inviting any race into Valenwood to live side by side with the Bosmeri. One of the most significant instances of refugees fleeing to the protection the Camoran’s offered were the Ayleids, who fled into Valenwood in large numbers after the Slave Rebellion and the rise of the Alessian Empire. For this, he is remembered by Tamriel as a kind, benevolent Monarch. It is from his reign that the Camoran bloodline most likely began to carry not only Altmer blood, but Ayleid bloodlines as well. \n\n The Camoran Dynasty is split into several treethanates, while the ancient Camaron throne itself lies somewhere in the highest branches of Falinesti; the walking tree city of the Bosmer king. Current capital of Valenwood is Elden Root. \n\n The Bosmer allegedly made the Pact with Y'ffre, the Forest Deity. The Bosmer were religiously carnivorous and cannibalistic as a result of the Green Pact, a central portion of the Bosmer faith. The Green Pact is never explicitly shown, but in its simplest form, it sets these rules down: Bosmer may only consume meat-based products and are forbidden to harm any plant for their own betterment. As a result of these stipulations, Bosmer are dependent on either stone or imported timber for construction purposes. \n\n The Green Pact has also heavily impacted Bosmeri cuisine, combat, and weaponry. They have developed methods of fermenting meat and milk to develop powerful alcoholic beverages and weapons such as bows are often made of treated and shaped bones. Most notable about Bosmeri combat is their stipulation that a combatant must consume an enemy's corpse within 3 days of killing them. Their families are allowed to help eat the kill. This has led to changes in approaches to combat, such as fasting and planning family feasts following a battle. They also cannot smoke anything of a vegetable nature. Bone pipes are common, however, and are filled with caterpillars or tree grubs.

{WELCOME_TO_DOMINION3_TITLE}Welcome to Elsweyr!
{WELCOME_TO_DOMINION3_BODY}In 2E309 Keirgo of Anequina and Eshita of Pellitine combined their long-feuding kingdoms to create Elsweyr, sparking a great class struggle that briefly threatened to draw in outside intervention. Power shifted from two separate kingdoms, each with its own central government and allied tribes, to a nobility besieged by those tribes, who felt that both their ruling classes had betrayed them.  \n\n Keirgo petitioned the Empire for help, but it had just lost its own ruler, Potentate Versidue-Shaie, and was in similar disarray. When the old capital, Ne Quin-al, fell to the rebels, it seemed Elsweyr would soon burst under the weight of its own union. Peace was restored, however when the normally nonpartisan khajiit spiritual leader, the Mane Rid-T'har-ri'Datta, "bestowed to the classes equality under the bi-lunar shadow, dividing their power in accordance with two-moons-dance of the ja-Kha'jay". What this established, in a more understandable sense, was a rotational power base in which both sides of khajiit society, the city-dwellers under the nobility and the nomadic tribes of the desert chieftains, shared alternate control of the region based on the phases of Masser and Secunda; the terms of this measure, the Riddle-T'har, were overseen by the thinly-veiled dictatorship of the Mane himself. \n\n The Mane is the formal title given to the nonpartisan spiritual leader and ruler of Elsweyr and the Khajiit people. Sometimes, they are successful in bringing temporary peace to the province; however, this does not last very long. The Mane has been known to reside in the city-state of Torval, where he is protected by his Warrior Guard. \n\n Khajiit tradition holds that only one Mane can be alive at any one time and that there is only one Mane, who is simply reborn in different bodies. \n\n A Mane can be born only under a rare alignment of the moons Masser and Secunda when, according to legend, a third moon appears in the sky. In ancient times, the Khajiit would shave off their own manes in deference to the Mane, braiding them into locks that he would incorporate into his own, gigantic mane. Over time, as the population of the region grew, this ritual became impractical. \n\n Mane Akkhuz-ri is a Khajiit and current Mane, the spiritual leader of his people. He is often accompanied by his Speaker and loyal friend, Lord Gharesh-ri. \n\n Twins Khali and Shazah were born as twins during the alignment of the moons, making them both Lunar Champions. They have to compete with each other to become the new Mane.

{WELCOME_TO_PACT_TITLE}Welcome to the Ebonheart Pact!
{WELCOME_TO_PACT_BODY}"Before Ysgramor led the Nord people south, our ancestors flourished in the frozen continent of Atmora, and to this day our people prefer the bitter climes of northern Tamriel. The Dark Elves abide in Morrowind, a harsh land of ashfall and perpetual earthquakes. The Argonians endure the treacherous and impenetrable depths of Black Marsh. The alliance between our races was born in dark times, when Nord, Dunmer and free Argonians fought as one to repel the invasion of the Akaviri slavemasters. Our greatest strength is the adversity we have overcome. Our resolve is glacial, our might is forged in fire, and our courage, cultivated by the beasts of the jungle. We are Ebonheart. We are as one. And by this, our victory is assured." ―Blood For The Pact!, Jorunn the Skald-King \n\n The Ebonheart Pact is a politically fragile yet powerful military alliance between Skyrim, Morrowind and Black Marsh. It was formed in 2E 572, amidst the turmoil of the Second Akaviri Invasion. \n\n Tensions run deep between these unlikely allies, forced to stand together against the threat of Molag Bal and incursions from enemy alliances. The dour, magically-gifted Dunmer of Morrowind have joined the reptilian Argonians—former slaves from mysterious Black Marsh—and boisterous Nords of Skyrim in a bid for sovereignty. \n\n Founded in the midst of the Akaviri Invasion of 2E 572, the territory of the Ebonheart Pact stretched over the provinces of Skyrim, Morrowind and Black Marsh at the height of its power. Its capital is the city of Mournhold, located on the mainland of Morrowind, the homeland of the Dunmer, though the faction is led by a Nord nobleman known as Jorunn the Skald-King. The Great Houses hold a lot of power in Morrowind. All but House Telvanni agreed to join the Pact, and the Telvanni have now become somewhat estranged from the other houses because of it. However, in Blackmarsh only tribes of Murkmire, Shadowfen, and Thornmarsh joined the Pact. Under the terms of the Alliance, Dunmer were allowed to keep all non-Argonian slaves, with Khajiit being the most common race currently enslaved. All Argonian slaves were released.  \n\n One of the most politically unstable but militaristically among the most powerful alliances of Tamrielic history, the three cultures that comprise the Ebonheart Pact shared a great distrust for each other, only holding allegiance to one another because of a common desire to defeat the Empire and preserve their homelands' independence. Despite the godlike power of the Dunmeri Tribunal, the faction is led by the High King of Skyrim. However, he did not rule absolutely. All governing decisions had to be brought up and discussed in the Great Moot to be approved. \n\nAfter the sack of Windhelm and the death of Skyrim's royal family, the Akaviri began their march south towards the city of Riften. In grief and desperation, Jorunn, now the High King, approached the Greybeards for guidance. The Greybeards answered his plea, and called upon Wulfharth the Ash-King from Sovngarde for assistance. Inspired by Wulfharth, Jorunn's army of Nord warriors stood ready to confront the Akaviri invaders on their own terms.\n\n Recognizing the regrouped Nords as the primary threat to their expedition in Tamriel, the Akaviri opted to avoid a second confrontation and marched directly for Morrowind, gambling the Nords would ignore them once they moved beyond Skyrim's borders. Jorunn's men, however, pursued the Akaviri across the Velothi Mountains and forcibly pushed them into Morrowind. The Akaviri army was met by a Dunmer army led by the Tribunal Almalexia outside Ebonheart in the Stonefalls region. As the invaders engaged the Dunmer army, the Nords fell upon the Akaviri from the rear, but the invaders still outnumbered their foes. Suddenly, an Argonian army arrived from the south, led by a female Argonian named Heita-Meen, who had been shown the battle in a dream weeks before by the Hist and gathered an army to meet them. Surrounded on three sides, the Akaviri were forced north into the sea. There they either fell in combat or drowned as they fled into the water. This victory over the Akaviri forces played a crucial role in the later creation of the Ebonheart Pact.
\n\n The Pact's motivations for fighting are to fight off all invaders and to preserve the independence and freedom of their homelands.

{WELCOME_TO_PACT1_TITLE}Welcome to Skyrim!
{WELCOME_TO_PACT1_BODY}
Jorunn was born in 2E 546 to Queen Mabjaarn Flame-Hair. His sister, Nurnhilde, was the eldest of the three alongside their brother Fildgor, and heir to the throne. Jorunn had great talent as a singer and studied the art on Skald's Retreat on the Isle of Gold near Riften. He learned from the most renowned bards in the Eastern lands and was dubbed "The Skald-Prince" of Skyrim. \n\n Jorunn spent most of his young life in artistic and philosophical pursuits. He spent time in Mournhold in Morrowind, Stormhold in Black Marsh, Sutch in Cyrodiil and Elinhir in Hammerfell. It is also rumored that he visited Solitude, the capital of Western Skyrim, in disguise. Despite claiming that he had no interest in leadership and politics, the young Nord found himself becoming the leader of whatever creative community he found himself in. He received little training in the martial arts, but learned less orthodox ways of defending himself in his travels across Tamriel. \n\n In 2E 572, Jorunn was in Riften when the Akaviri of Dir-Kamal attacked the northeast coast of Skyrim. He fought his way up the western coast with the aid of his closest friends, known as the "Pack of Bards". The Pack arrived just as the Akaviri breached the gates of Windhelm. Jorunn joined the battle in the city, but he was too late to save the city or his mother and sister. \n\n Wounded and devastated by the loss of his family, Jorunn felt the responsibility of his royal birth for the first time. He decided to appeal to the Greybeards and made his way to High Hrothgar. For unknown reasons, the Greybeards decided to forgo their doctrine of passivity and aided Jorunn by summoning a hero from Sovngarde; Wulfharth the Ash-King.  \n\n Jorunn claimed the title of Skald-King and, with the aid of Wulfharth, rallied his fellow Nords of Eastern Skyrim and raised an army from The Rift and Eastmarch, then he fortified Riften. As the Akaviri marched south from Windhelm, they found Riften too well defended by the Nords, who were inspired by the presence of Wulfharth and were eager to fight. Dir-Kamal decided these Nords were too great an enemy and turned his army east into Morrowind towards Mournhold, assuming the Nords would not pursue.  \n\n This proved a fatal error, as Jorunn led his army after the Akaviri into Morrowind. For the first time since the Battle of Red Mountain, a Nord army entered Morrowind. Dir-Kamal's army was trapped at Stonefalls and engaged in battle by Jorunn's Nords and an army of Dunmer led by the TribunalAlmalexia. The battle was undecided until a fourth army arrived on the field: a force of Argonianshellbacks led by a trio of Argonian battlemages. The Akaviri army was routed and drowned by the thousands as they were driven into the sea.  \n\n The Ash-King, having fulfilled his promise, returned to Sovngarde. Jorunn was crowned High-King of Skyrim three weeks later at the Palace of the Kings in Windhelm, though not without contention. His twin brother, Fildgor Strong-Prince, who led the Stormfist Brigade during the invasion, sought to take the throne by force. Jorunn succeeded in exiling his brother and ushered an era of peace and diplomacy across Skyrim and the newly-formed Ebonheart Pact. Jorunn also had a son, Irnskar. \n\n Jorunn was later appointed acting High King after the Great Moot, a unique form of government in which decisions must be ratified by all composite parties. He rules from the ancient city of Windhelm.

{WELCOME_TO_PACT2_TITLE}Welcome to Morrowind!
{WELCOME_TO_PACT2_BODY}Almalexia, also known as Almalexia the Lover, Almalexia the Warden, and Ayem, was one of the three God-Kings who constituted the Tribunal, or Almsivi, along with Vivec and Sotha Sil. She was very popular amongst the Dunmer, who called her "Healing Mother", "Lady of Mercy", and "Mother Morrowind". They knew her as the source of compassion, sympathy, and forgiveness, the protector of the poor and weak, and the patron of teachers and healers. She resided in the temple city of Mournhold within the city of Almalexia, the capital of Morrowind, and was closely associated with House Indoril. She was also the most personable of the Tribunal, and was well-known for walking amongst her people. As a mortal, she was the wife of Lord Indoril Nerevar, First Councilor of Resdayn. As a living god, she became the consort of Vivec, who associated her with the stars.
Originally the counselors to Nerevar, the Tribunal came to power amongst the Dunmer following her husband's death at the Battle of Red Mountain circa 1E 700. Before his death, they swore oaths to Nerevar upon Azura that they'd never use the Tools of Kagrenac on the Heart of Lorkhan in order to steal its divine essence for themselves. A few years later, Almalexia and her fellow Tribunes broke that oath to become living gods. This led to the transformation of the Chimer into the Dunmer, and the Tribunal became their immortal protectors, leaders, and gods. The truth of how they gained their divinity was covered up; according to the Heirographa, the orthodox public teachings of the Tribunal Temple, their divinity was a more spontaneous result of their supernatural virtue, discipline, wisdom, and insight. \n\n Almalexia wielded her divine power for the protection and benefit of the Dunmer for thousands of years. Sotha Sil largely remained aloof and mysterious, but Almalexia and Vivec both took very active roles in leading their people throughout the First and Second eras. Her acts of amazing power and kindness are countless. Her blessing was said to do extraordinary things, like protect a person infected with Corprus from suffering the disease's effects. Saint Felms the Bold is said to have been inspired by the voice of Almalexia in his head. The Hands of Almalexia were her personal guard, and were often called the greatest warriors in all of Tamriel. Like Vivec, she wrote extensively, though she focused on children's fables and similar works meant to nurture the morality of her people rather than Vivec's more cerebral, spiritual guidance. \n\n In 1E 2920, Mehrunes Dagon destroyed the city of Mournhold. After an epic battle, he was defeated by Almalexia and Sotha Sil. This was portrayed in the historical fiction 2920, The Last Year of the First Era, which also suggested Almalexia foresaw in her dreams the end of the Four-Score War, as well as the end of the Reman Dynasty. \n\n In 2E 572, Almalexia fought alongside Wulfharth, also known as the Underking, against Ada'Soom Dir-Kamal during an Akaviri invasion of northern Tamriel. Sources seem to disagree on certain aspects of this conflict. Mysterious Akavir treats Morrowind as the target of the Akaviri invasion, though Skyrim was apparently the Akaviri's initial target. The Arcturian Heresy claims Almalexia was the one who summoned the Underking to fight alongside the Tribunal (even though in life, he had been one of their greatest enemies). Jorunn the Skald-King contradicts this, crediting the Greybeards with summoning the Ash-King. The book also claims that Dir-Kamal's army was crushed by several Tamrielic military forces, not just the Dunmer army under Almalexia's command, and that this occurred at a place called Stonefalls. The other sources don't mention the Nordic or Argonian forces which played roles, and Mysterious Akavir says Dir-Kamal was defeated at Red Mountain. \n\n Following the Akaviri invasion, Almalexia has been a strong supporter of the formation of the Ebonheart Pact. It was she who convinced the Great Houses (sans Telvanni) to join the Pact.

{WELCOME_TO_PACT3_TITLE}Welcome to the Blackmarsh!
{WELCOME_TO_PACT3_BODY}Vicecanon Heita-Meen was an Argonian ex-slave who served as a vicecanon in Stormhold during the time of the Ebonheart Pact. She is largely responsible for the Argonians' entry into the Pact. \n\n Heita-Meen was born during the mid-Second Era and raised as a house-slave, receiving little education. Her master was Councilman Glathis Dres of House Dres, known for his cruelty even by Dres standards. She worked on a saltrice plantation in Thorn. Circa 2E 572, after being beaten unconscious for seating the guests at a banquet out of order, she planned an escape with her fellow slaves. They fled into the Thornmarsh, and stumbled into a troop of treacherous Argonians from the Archein tribe, who were employed by the Dres. It was while she was held captive in the Archein village that Heita-Meen received a vision from the Hist, who wanted her to defend the Nords and Dunmer in battle. \n\n The Archeins escorted them back to Thorn, which was nearly empty of Dunmer following Almalexia's call to arms to defend Morrowind against the Second Akaviri Invasion. Seeing this, Heita-Meen strangled Glathis with his own whip, and swiftly challenged the centurion of the Archein guards for her position by right-of-combat. After killing the centurion and gaining command of the Archeins, Heita-Meen marched on Stormhold, intending to do the same there. Instead, the troop encountered Walks-in-Ash, who was able to convince Stormhold's Shellbacks to join without bloodshed. The army then marched on Stonefalls in Morrowind to fight the Akaviri. They arrived at the final battle near Ebonheart and helped to push the invaders into the sea \n\n The Argonians' participation in the battle helped contribute to the signing of the Ebonheart Pact between Eastern Skyrim, Morrowind, and Black Marsh. Heita-Meen was released from slavery and appointed as the Argonian vicecanon of Stormhold, where she shared power with the Nord Vicecanon Hrondar and the Dunmer Vicecanon Servyna. Guided by the Hist, Heita-Meen's actions had allowed the Argonians to preserve their culture and reclaim their lands under the Pact.

{WELCOME_TO_THARN_TITLE}Welcome to the Empire!
{WELCOME_TO_THARN_BODY}When Leovic, third of the short-lived Reachman dynasty known as the Longhouse Emperors, assumed the Ruby Throne, he legalized Daedra worship across the Empire. This outraged much of the population, and prompted Varen Aquilarios, The Colovian duke, to spark a rebellion. Varen summoned the military forces of the Colovian Highlands. Secretly, he also contacted Abnur Tharn, who would later become one of his Five Companions, for assistance to "depose those foul strangers from the north". Varen based his rebellion out of the city of Bruma, and subsequently won many victories across Cyrodiil.In 2E 576, Varen and his army stormed the Imperial City, before breaking into the White-Gold Tower and driving his sword into Leovic's heart at the foot of the Ruby Throne, thus instantly killing him, and immediately declaring himself Emperor. For Abnur's loyalty and assistance in the rebellion, Varen agreed to take Leovic's widow, Clivia Tharn, as his bride. Due to the mass amount of casualties during the uprising, Varen converted the Market District of the Imperial City into the Memorial District, filling it with mass graves. \n\n In 2E 578, Emperor Varen Aquilarios was convinced by Mannimarco that he knew a ritual which would allow him to become Dragonborn. Varen desired to further legitimize his claim to the Imperial throne by lighting the Dragonfires in the Temple of the One in the Imperial City, which can only be done by one of the Dragon Blood. Mannimarco and Varen were joined by Sai Sahan, Lyris Titanborn and Abnur Tharn, the Five Companions. During the ritual, however, Mannimarco incapacitated the others and declared he had tricked them all; he was a servant of Molag Bal, and the ritual was actually one that would weaken the barriers between Mundus and Coldharbour. \n\n Clivia Tharn was soon after named the new Empress Regent of Tamriel and turned the Empire to Daedra worship, in particular to Molag Bal. Her father Abnur Tharn was the High Chancellor of the Elder Council and Overlord of Nibenay, but Abnur despised Molag Bal and his minions, thus dividing the Tharn family in two. Another important member of House Tharn was Euraxia, who gained the position of Queen of Rimmen.

{PLANEMELD_TITLE}Planemeld!
{PLANEMELD_BODY}The Five Companions were able to retrieve the Amulet of Kings and begin the ritual in the year 2E 578. The Five gathered at the Temple of the One in the Imperial City, and began to perform the ritual. At that moment, Mannimarco immobilized everyone present and revealed his true intentions: he was an agent of Molag Bal, and the ritual did not reignite the Dragonfires, but in fact did the exact opposite, weakening the ancient barriers between Nirn and Oblivion in an event known as the Soulburst. Molag Bal is the Daedric Prince whose sphere is the domination and enslavement of mortals. He is known as the God of Schemes,the King of Rape, the Harvester of Souls,the Lord of Brutality,and the Prince of Rage. His main desire is to harvest the souls of mortals and to bring them within his sway by spreading seeds of strife and discord in the mortal realms. One legend claims that Molag Bal created the first vampire when he raped a Nedic virgin, who in turn slaughtered a group of nomads.  \n\n  This event allowed Molag Bal to initiate the Planemeld. As the Soulburst occurred, aftershocks were swept across every corner of Nirn. Mages died or went mad, Red Mountain trembled in Morrowind, earthquakes shook Skyrim and heavy storms devastated the coastlines of Elsweyr and Valenwood. The constellation of the Serpent grew so large that it seemed to threaten every star sign at once. \n\n After the Soulburst, Varen mysteriously went missing. Lyris was captured by Mannimarco to be sacrificed, Abnur simply fled from the city altogether and Sai Sahan fled with the amulet, and hid it in the depths of Sancre Tor. \n\n  Afterwards, the Tharn family, who were now the new rulers of Cyrodiil through the new Empress Regent Clivia Tharn, made a secret pact with Mannimarco who had agreed to strengthen the Imperial armies of Cyrodiil by resurrecting their soldiers. Abnur, Clivia's father, had grown a deep hatred for Mannimarco after the Soulburst, and he was soon captured, brought to the Castle of the Worm in Coldharbour and imprisoned there. \n\n  In 2E 582, the Planemeld began. Transliminal portals called Dark Anchors were summoned throughout Tamriel, hooking into the ground and slowly ripping parts of Nirn away to float loosely in Oblivion. These portals were all metaphysically moored to a colossal construction in Coldharbour called the Great Shackle. The Planemeld was centered on the Endless Stair, a fortified impossibility constructed by the Mad Architect. Once an area was sundered from Tamriel, the pieces would reform as a pocket realm of Coldharbour before joining the Planar Vortex, an inter-planar realm where Tamriel and Coldharbour converged. Although fragile, the Vortex could only be accessed from within the Endless Stair. The biggest Dark Anchor opened above the skies of the Imperial City, intent on pulling the White-Gold Tower itself into Coldharbour. \n\n  With Cyrodiil in ruins and the provinces divided by the Alliance War, few were left to oppose the invading Daedra. Meridia had her servant, Sees-All-Colors, assassinate the leader of the Fighters Guild in order to assume the role of guildmaster. Under Daedric command and funded by the wealth of Meridia's worshippers, the guild began refusing all other contracts and focused its efforts on destroying Dark Anchors and opposing Molag Bal's schemes. Meanwhile, the Five Companions were reformed by the arrival of the prophesied Soulless One, who freed the Companions from Bal's clutches and reclaimed the Amulet of Kings, defeating Mannimarco in the process.

{WORM_CULT_TITLE}Worm Cult!
{WORM_CULT_BODY}The Order of the Black Worm arose as Mannimarco recruited mages to form a series of cells, known as Worm Nests, each led by a Worm Anchorite, who supervised adepts, Worm Warriors, and thralls. New cultists were attracted by promises of great power for those who served loyally, and all were sworn to secrecy on pain of undeath. The Anchorites reportedly communicated with Mannimarco directly, though how they did so is not clear.Some, known as Worm Eremites, decided to become undead themselves, and were always guarded by undead minions. \n\n  Archmage Galerion sought to root out and destroy these cells, but Mannimarco proved adept at recruitment. He sought out mages from within the Guild, outcast witches, and Reachmen wizards to bring into his underground, illicit Order. In most places in Tamriel, necromancy was considered an atrocity, but many officials proved susceptible to bribery or other influences, and turned blind eyes as the black-robed Order established stronger footholds in their domains. Members of the Order reputedly never spoke Mannimarco's name aloud, referring to him only as the King of Worms. \n\n  Galerion attributed the proliferation of soul gems and soul trapping to the influence of the Order. Soul trapping had been taught only to the most experienced and dependable mages of the Mages Guild, both because of the potential for abuse and because it was technically a subset of necromancy. Nevertheless, it became common knowledge in the emerging community of mages, apparently as part of the Order's plot to make necromancy seem commonplace. Despite Galerion's attempts to co-opt the practice of soul trapping, ferret out cells of the Order, and generally diminish their influence, the practice of necromancy became accepted as a valid, and legally tolerated, magical discipline in some places around Tamriel, notably Cyrodiil. \n\n  During the Alliance War circa 2E 582, the Order aided Mannimarco in sinister plots across Tamriel. In so doing, they also aided Molag Bal (perhaps why they were sometimes referred to as a Daedric cult). When Empress Clivia Tharn fell under Mannimarco's sway, the Order was allowed to operate freely in Cyrodiil. The Mages Guild was ejected from the city, and the Order took their place in the Arcane University and as advisers to the Ruby Throne. From there, they set their sights on replacing the Guild across the entire continent.

{SUTURAH_TITLE}Suturah marches on Sentinel!
{SUTURAH_BODY}Suturah, the former disgruntled advisor of King Fahara'jad and secretly a practicing Necromancer, killed all of King Fahara'jad advisors and reanimated them in an attempted assassination of the King, though the attempt failed Suturah did manage to escaped the capitol. Suturah fled to the eastern portion of Hammerfell where he joined the ranks of the Order of the Black Worm. With the help of the Order, Suturah raised and army of undead Ra-Netu and is now marching on Sentinel! \n\n The Capital of Hammerfell and life of king itself is in danger. King Fahara'jad has secretly appealed to the exiled tribe of Ash'abah for help. Ash'abah are shunned by Redguard society due to their "unclean" interactions with the risen dead, as they disregard religious taboos and destroy the undead, slaying with great skill what might be honored ancestors returned. Against the widespread distrust of magic, the Ash'abah perform rituals of purification for mausoleums and other places where vengeful spirits might arise, including an annual ceremony at Tu’whacca’s Throne meant to ensure the rest of the ranks of Redguard royalty. This activity is regarded as blasphemous, but tolerated due to the necessity of its performance. The Ash'abah consider the body to be sacred. If one ever becomes corrupted by necromancy, they strive to preserve the body while banishing the unholy essence. To achieve this, they have developed highly ritualistic methods of killing that involve uttering pleas of forgiveness and apology. \n\n However, even if the Ash'abah join king's ranks, it might not be enough. All covenant troops that are nearby should immediately travel to Sentinel! 

{MONTCLAIR_TITLE}The Civil War in Rivenspire!
{MONTCLAIR_BODY}When Ranser was defeated, High King Emeric of Wayrest allowed a triumvirate of the three most prominent houses (Tamrith, Dorell, Montclair) to rule over Rivenspire until he found a suitable replacement to become the new King of Shornhelm. Shornhelm would remain kingless for years as a result of this. Baron Wylon of House Montclair asserted his claim to the throne, being the grandson and sole remaining heir of Ranser's predecessor King Hurlbut, but many seemed hesitant to trust the Montclairs. After the tragic death of his wife, Wylon Motclair sought to take over the whole region by force by getting rid of House Dorell and House Tamrith. House Motclair is  using necromancy, and the members of house itself became vampires. \n\n  "The Breton people of the Markwasten Moor and Shornhelm heights have a long and storied history, with much to be proud of: the Trammeling of the Giants in the time of legends; the Purge of the Wyrd-Hags in the Year of Sun's-Death (which restored Magnus to the skies of the Mundus); and the Charge of the Montclair Knights (often erroneously referred to as the Charge of the Shornhelm Knights) at the Battle of Glenumbria Moors. \n\n  Through all this tumultuous history, the people of Rivenspire are fortunate to have been ably led, through times of terror and triumph, by the noble lords of the House of Montclair. \n\n  It is true that the Barons of House Montclair have not always been selected by fate to also reign as King of Shornhelm. But the Montclairs count humility among their many virtues, and have often been willing to defer to pretenders with weaker claims to royalty in the interest of peace. That this humility has sometimes been tragically over-indulged was sadly proven in the case of my father—Phylgeon, 38th Baron Montclair. \n\n  As all students of Breton history know, the greatest post-Reman monarch of Shornhelm was King Hurlburt, who led our army at the Battle of Granden Tor and ruled the North from 2E 522 until his death in 546. Hurlburt was of House Branquette, 21st Count of the Name, and had taken as his queen Countess Iphilia of Montclair. When King Hurlburt died his legitimate son, Prince Phylgeon, was only fourteen years of age, and though his inheritance was championed by House Montclair, Houses Branquette and Tamrith supported his elder half-brother, Prince Ranser, who had been born out of wedlock to a poor Tamrith cousin. (House Dorell, typically aloof, declined to endorse either candidate.) \n\n  What is less well known is the behind-the-scenes maneuvering that led to Ranser being crowned King of Shornhelm rather than Phylgeon. The advisors of the young Baron Montclair (his mother had predeceased King Hurlburt by a mere two years) contended that he, as the legitimate son, was the proper heir to the throne—a claim further buttressed by language in a codicil to the famous "Bretonnick Natalitie" that declared "Howse Mount Clayre" the royal house of Shornhelm. The Council of the North met to consider the various claimants, but during their deliberations the Montclair advisors found that the Bretonnick codicil had gone missing, while Prince Ranser brought forth a suspiciously long-lost Direnni decree that named House Branquette their "Breton Royal Delegates" in Rivenspire. \n\n  The vote of the Council was a narrow victory for Prince Ranser, thereafter King Ranser of Shornhelm. Some of Prince Phylgeon's advisors urged him to fight for the crown, but the young prince declined, preferring to become simply the Baron of Montclair. \n\n  Oh, fateful humility! We all know where Phylgeon's deference led—to the tragic events of 566 and the insurrection against the First Daggerfall Covenant in what is known (to our shame) as Ranser's War. According to the standard histories, all the noble houses—Montclair, Tamrith, even Dorell—answered King Ranser's call to muster and marched behind his banner in his fatal war against High King Emeric and the South. What is not generally known is that Count Phylgeon of Montclair was uncertain of the rightness of Ranser's cause, and offered to both Kings Ranser and Emeric to serve as a peace envoy between the two sides. High King Emeric's reply has been lost to history, but Ranser's angry refusal is well known. Once again my father deferred to his elder half-brother, and the Montclair Knights joined Ranser's doomed army. \n\n In the immediate aftermath of King Ranser's fall, Rivenspire fell into chaos. The Crown of Shornhelm went missing during the Battle of Traitor's Tor, and the fateful "Direnni decree" that elevated Ranser to the throne has likewise not been seen since. The death of Ranser was the end of the line of House Branquette, and since then there has been no King of Shornhelm, Rivenspire having been jointly ruled by the triumvirate Council of the North. That body has tried, with the best of intentions, to keep peace and order in the northern counties, but nobody, if they were speaking honestly, would say the Council's efforts have sufficed. Shornhelm—and the North—need a King. \n\n  And why shouldn't they have one? If I may speak frankly, setting aside, however regretfully, the traditional Montclair mantle of humility, then I must confess that I, Baron Wylon of Montclair, am certainly the legitimate heir to the throne of Shornhelm. My grandfather was King Hurlburt, and I descend from him in the direct and legitimate line of succession, a claim no one else in the North can make. (That also makes me the sole living heir to the domain of the Branquettes, much of which was unfairly parceled out to the Tamriths and Dorells, but no—humility, always humility!) \n\n  Furthermore, at this critical juncture I am fortunate to be able to announce that the long-missing Bretonnick Codicil has been found by the Montclair house historian, the operative clause of which I shall quote here: \n\n "... seeing all in order then in Sharn Helm and its Lands Contyguous, the most royale and high … (unintelligible) … appointeth in Perpetuitie sayde Howse Mount Clayre in rulership over ... (unintelligible) … and Sharn Helm. So mote it bee." \n\n People of Rivenspire, Baron Wylon of Montclair is prepared to do his duty." - motnclair propaganda by Lord Wylon, 39th Baron Montclair

{FAOLCHU_TITLE}Camlorn has fallen!
{FAOLCHU_BODY}The city was taken by the Bloodthorn Cult. The Bloodthorn Cult is a necromantic cult devoted to Molag Bal and led by a Reachman named Angof the Gravesinger. Angof's main goal is to conquer and corrupt the region of Glenumbra in High Rock. He has been headquarterting the cult at the ancient cemetery of Cath Bedraud. The cultists  has taken control of the many burial sites in the King's Guard region, raising the dead as minions. Angof himself travelled to the ancient battlefield at Glenumbra Moors, resurrecting the long-dead Alessian general Faolchu. Faolchu was a Changeling and a powerful werewolf in life, and is now forced to serve Angof by spreading lycanthropy throughout Glenumbra. King Casimir Deleyn of Daggerfall initially disregarded the threat of the Bloodthorn Cult, until an attempt was made on his life. The Lion Guard and Knights of The Dragon were duly ordered to march north and put an end to the Bloodthorn menace. However, the city of Camlorn has been already overrunned by the cult! Covenant must end this thread before it is too late!

{FLAMES_TITLE}Assassination on duchess Lakana!
{FLAMES_BODY}An assassin has attempted to end the life of duchess Lakana, daughter of King Fahara'jad and wife of your brother. It was revealed that a significant ammount of members of Knights of The Flames are behind the plot. They dont believe redguards and want to start a war with them. After the unsuccesful attempt, they are now trying to get rid of the membbers of the order who dont share their views, in the base of the order, Firebrand Keep. If they are not punished quickly, the tension betweeen two nations might get out of hand quickly!

{FLAMES2_TITLE}The Redguards arrive!
{FLAMES2_BODY}General Thoda, a redguard general, has arrived to Alcaire to protect duchess Lakana with his army by orders of King Fahara'jad. By all resources availible, you must not allow the redguard army and knights of the flame to engage! Sir Hughes and Croix must be slained. Otherwise it might become a spark, ending the covenant...

{FLAMES3_TITLE}The covenant in tatters?
{FLAMES3_BODY}The traitors has accomplished their objective. The redguards were attacked by the traitors, what might seems to lords of covenant as a beginning of war. To preserve covenant, you must kill the traitors finally, and restore the alliance.

{WITHERED_TITLE}Withered Hand!
{WITHERED_BODY}A group of necromancers called the Withered Hand threatens the Alik'r with attacks from risen dead. Led by the brothers Uwafa and Alasan and their sister Shiri, they plotts to take revenge for the death of their father Suturah.  \n\n In order to raise a more powerful army to strike back against Fahara'jad, Uwafa and Alasan needed to remove the protection the Ansei Wards provided. They bypassed the magical seals on the doors of the Impervious Vault by tunnelling directly into it. Once inside, they stole the Ansei Wards and escaped. They began to search for the birthplaces of the Ansei guardians, as these locations were required conduct dark rituals and corrupt the wards, weakening their power In doing so, this allowed the brothers to not only raise the deceased people of the Alik'r, but also their most legendary ancestor warriors.\n\n Redguard king is against ordering his soldiers to strike down the honored dead. Such an act would cause an outcry, and possibly lead to rebellion. Instead, he calls upon the Ash'abah to aid him once more. However, the  Ash'abah leader Marimah was killed, his daughter Talia took his place, but the tribe is to weakened already... \n\n Can anyone stop armies of Ra-Netu?

{SEVEN_TITLE}The Seventh legion invades Bangkorai!
{SEVEN_BODY}The Empire had invaded Bagkorai. The Van of reachmen is about to besiege Evermore. While the main part of the invading forces, the seventh legion, marches against Bagkorai Garrison and Hallin's Stand! The operation is lead by Septima Tharn, the cousin of Empress Regent Clivia Tharn and general-magnus of the seventh legion. Knights of Saint Pelin and Guimard armies are largely outnumbered, unless The Covenant comes to aid, Evermore might fall...

{WINTERBORN_TITLE}Winterborn clan in Wrothgar!
{WINTERBORN_BODY}The Winterborn are an ancient clan of Reachmen native to Wrothgar, which was historically a part of the Western Reach. They ruled over Wrothgar during the time of the Longhouse Emperors before being driven off by the Orcs of the Daggerfall Covenant. They are now trying to retake the territory. They are lead by Urfon Ice-Heart, based in Frostbreak Fortress.

{VEILED_TITLE}Veiled Heritance rebellion!
{VEILED_BODY}Veiled Heritance attempted to assassinate of Ayrenn at Vulkhel Guard, and is now in open rebellion against the Dominion! \n\n The Veiled Heritance is a covert group of Altmeri nationalists formed in response to the rise of Queen Ayrenn and the Aldmeri Dominion. Vehemently against the young queen and her Bosmer and Khajiit allies, they sough to depose her and appoint their own regent The Heritance consists mainly of disenfranchised veterans and youths. Many more traditional Altmer despised the Dominion due to their feelings of racial superiority and disliks Ayrenn due to her unorthodox wanderings as a youth, and as such the Heritance enjoys widespread support. Several altmer nobles has declared for their cause. They msut be stopped!

{VEILED2_TITLE}The Veiled Queen revealed!
{VEILED2_BODY}Eyes of the queen revealed the identity of the heritance's leader. High Kinlady Estre of Errinornem, wife of prince Naemon is leading the Heritance! However, with the Heritance recent defeats, Estre offered her own soul to Dagon in return for Daedric support. She is now marching north, spreading death by opening the gates of Oblivion. High Kinlord Rilis XIII of Firsthold should prepare its defences, as The Veiled Queen undoubtly intends to take control of the capital of Auridon!

{WOOD_TITLE}Wood orcs
{WOOD_BODY}Several clans of wood orcs has decided to side with Daggerfall Covenant. Their trechery shall not be tolerated!

{ELDEN_TITLE}Ceremony in Elden Root
{ELDEN_BODY}Queen Ayrenn must complete the ratification ceremony in Elden Root, if her allies are to accept her as leader of the Aldmeri Dominion. At the heart of the ceremony is the Orrery, an ancient Ayleid artifact. Legends say it can reveal those worthy of becoming emperor … or empress. 

{ELDEN2_TITLE}Death of the prince...
{ELDEN2_BODY}Once the Orrery has awoken, Prince Naemon steps forward towards the Ayleid device. Naemon uses a spell to bind his sister and the other observers and enters the central pillar. The powers of the Orrery overcome him, and he emerges from the Orrery transformed into an ogrim, which made him fly into a rage. He was soon killed. After that The queen is still determined to discover if she is fit to lead the Aldmeri Dominion. She enters the Ayleid device, then reappears moments later in a beam of blue-green light that fills the whole room. She is ratified as the leader of Aldmeri Dominion! \n\n Queen Ayrenn covered up the truth of her brother's demise, and claimed that Naemon died a hero.

{PELIDIL_TITLE}Veiled Heritance attacks Woodheart!
{PELIDIL_BODY}Vicereeve Pelidil, one of the leaders of Veiled Heritance and former assistant to prience Naemon, made a pact with maormer clan of Sea Vipers. The Maormers emerged from sea, besieging Woodheart!

{SHADE_TITLE}The Heart of Valenwood
{SHADE_BODY}Attack one Woodheart turned out to be only a distraction for resurecting the corpse of prince Naemon. However, they werent succesful, and instead and created The Shade of Naemon instead, a powerful lich. He is using the Staff of Magnus to damage the Heart of Valenwood and must be stopped. His undead hordes are marching against Marbruk. Edhelorn The Silvenar was assasinated, thus Valenwood lost one of its most important leaders. Till now unknown Indaenir, who seems to be a suitable succesor for Edhelorn, joins the ranks of valenwood troops... \n\n All availible armies of The Dominion has arrived to join the fight, including Mane Akkhuz-ri!

{SHADE2_TITLE}The Revival by Y'ffre
{SHADE2_BODY}Indaenir sacrificed himself to cleanse the blight from Valenwood. Following his sacrifice, Y'ffre revives him, and he becomes the successor to the Silvenar title!

{VELYN_TITLE}Malabal Tor is invaded by the Covenant!
{VELYN_BODY}Velyn Harbor is under attack by the joint forces of Ra Gada warriors, whiel the wood orcs continue to cause problems, especially Drublog Wood Orcs! 

{VELYN2_TITLE}Invasion into Malabal Tor!
{VELYN2_BODY}Our joint forces of Ra Gada has besieged Velyn Harbor, while wood orcs of Drublog Clan continue to wage war against the Dominion!

{WEALD_TITLE}Legion of West Weald
{WEALD_BODY}Colovian Legion of West Weald, one of the Imperial Legions, has invaded advanced south. Vinedusk Rangers are trying to stop them!

{WEALD2_TITLE}Dark Mane!
{WEALD2_BODY}The Dark Mane, an evil Khajiit Dro-m'Athra, has possesed mane Akkhuz-ri and unleashed Dro-m'Athra upon Reaper's March. One of the twins, Khali or Shazah, the Khajiit Lunar Champions, now must travel to Dune and take Two Moons Path to become a new mane.

{MANE_TITLE}Two Moons Path
{MANE_BODY}After a vicious fight with the Dark Mane, Shazah had to be left behind to hold his essence in place and killed. Khali is now preparing to walk the Two Moons Path. Unfortunately, Javad Tharn, son of Queen Euraxia of Rimmen, who has been behind all operations in Reaper's March, has besieged Dune. He hopes to disrupt the ceremony and align himself with the dro-m'Athra, in order to force khajiits out of the Dominion, thus destroying the entire alliance. He must be stopped immediately!

{MANE2_TITLE}The Fall of Dominion...
{MANE2_BODY}Javad Tharn has suceeded in his plan. He has corrupted the Manes and thus the spirit of the Khajiiti people, forcing them out of Dominion. \n\n  Is this the end of The Dominion. Will you let Tamriel descend into the chaos of Molag Bal?

{SERIEN_TITLE}Covenant Invasion!
{SERIEN_BODY}Forces of Daggerfall Covenant, led by General Serien, has invaded Morrowind!

{SERIEN2_TITLE}Fort Virak has fallen!
{SERIEN2_BODY}The Covenant troops has seized control of Fort Virak. That must not be allowed. Troops of nords, argonians and House Indoril shall unite to defeat General Serien!

{SERIENC_TITLE}Our troops has invaded Stonefalls!
{SERIENC_BODY}Our forces, led by General Serien, has invaded Morrowind, and seized control of Fort Virak! The main part of army is heading for Davon's Watch, seat of House Indoril!

{VOX_TITLE}Maulborn in Deshaan!
{VOX_BODY}The Maulborn are a secretive cult. Although initially posing as a philanthropic group working to combat the Llodos plague, it soon comes to light that they are the ones spreading the disease in order to raise an army of plague husks. They are led by the mysterious Magistrix Vox, who seeks to return Morrowind to Daedric worship due to a personal vendetta against Almalexia. \n\n  A large Maulborn force used the sewers to sneak into Mournhold. They have opened oblivion gates in the city!

{RUUV_TITLE}Dominion invades Shadowfen!
{RUUV_BODY}Dominion armies are led be general alchemist Ruuvitar. His main goal is to gain access to the Mnemic Egg, a powerful Argonian artifact closely tied to the Hist, in order to poison it.  \n\n  Ruuvitar's forces began their incursion into Shadowfen by using a Dremora named Lyranth and Hist Sap to create skin-stealer potion, an elixir that not only gave the drinker the appearance of their victim, but also their memories. This allowed the drinker to perfectly impersonate the victim. They begin killing and impersonating townsfolk in Stormhold... \n\n Ruuvitar then sent his forces to secure the Hatching Pools, where Argonians eggs are laid beneath a Hist Tree before the hatched. Using the Mnemic Egg, he aims to severe the link between the Hist and and Argonians, that would cause nearly all the unborn Argonians in their eggs to die. Ruuvitar desires to recreate the ritual on a larger scale, to prevent all Argonian births in all of Black Marsh. \n\n He must be stopped before its too late! 

{FILDGOR_TITLE}Fildgor Orcthane returns!
{FILDGOR_BODY}Fildgor was the second son of Queen Mabjaarn, twins with Jorunn and younger brother of then Nurnhilde. While his brother studied the art of the skald at a young age, Fildgor who favored martial prowess explored the western lands of Skyrim to see its people where he met and befriended the Stormfist Clan. Although not of their own clan, eventually he became its leader and formed the Stormfist Brigade, where he and the Stormfists grew in reputation as brave adventurers. \n\n It was during Dir-Kamal's invasion of Skyrim that the Stormfist Brigade was put to the test. Fildgor and the Stormfists took back the beleaguered city from the Akaviri invaders, but not before the Queen and his older sister was killed. With the throne left vacant, Fildgor claimed the throne of Skyrim, only to be challenged by Jorunn who believed Fildgor's warlike intentions would bring ruin to Skyrim. To prevent a civil war, Jorunn challenged his brother to single combat, defeating Fildgor and exiling his brother from his lands. Since then, he has taken on the name Fildgor Orcthane, gathering the strength of his Stormfist allies and befriending Covenant and Orcish forces, waiting for a perfect time to strike against his brother. \n\n Fildgor has returned and he sent his champion to represent the Stormfist Clan in the celebrations in Windhelm, the Stormfist Clan struck during the final contest at the Hall of Trials and charged at King Jorunn and his retinue! \n\n Afterwards, Fildgor sent his troops to capture Fort Morvunskar, the fort is now under siege! He is after the remains of Nurnhilde. 

{FILDGOR2_TITLE}Crown of Freydis
{FILDGOR2_BODY}At Fort Amol, Fildgor sent his newly recruited Breton assassin and alchemist Dhalen to disrupt the King's council with the rest of the Pact members. Dhalen and his Covenant assassins assumed the faces of the royal guards through the use of an Argonian substance and infiltrated Jarl Ivanmar's manor. Planning to take on Jorunn's appearance, Dhalen was stopped by the Vestige and the Dunmer assassin Naryu Virian, but not before poisoning the king with Daedric poison. \n\n Jorunn manages to live with the help of the argonian Dreamwalker and the Ternion Monks. Fildgor plans to merge with Nurnhilde's spirit in Sovngarde, forcing the Crown of Freydis to recognize him. This would allow him to usurp Jorunn and become High King!

{FILDGOR3_TITLE}Fildgor becomes High King...
{FILDGOR3_BODY}Jorunn and his heir Irnskar fell to Fildgor Orcthane, who has now usurped the crown... shall The Pact fall apart?

{REACH_TITLE}Dangerous Union
{REACH_BODY}Three reachmen clans has invaded The Rift. The Reachmen attacked Shor's Stone and brought the giant Sinmur back to life. They have also overrun Fallowstone Hall, an ancient seat of the Companions. The Reachmen are being augmented by the Worm Cult. They must be stopped...

{REACH2_TITLE}Riften under siege!
{REACH2_BODY}We have put a stop to the threat of the Reachmen, but the threat to the Rift is far from over. The Worm Cult is massing in forces...

{REACH3_TITLE}Thallik Wormfather
{REACH3_BODY}Undead army, led by Thallik Wormfather himself, has marched further east, looking for the shards of Wuuthrad...

{FIVE_TITLE}Five Companions reformed!
{FIVE_BODY}Five Companions are formed again, around the mysterios blind man named Prophet, who turned out to be former emperor Varen Aquilarios himself! Other members are Lyris Titanborn, Sai Sahan, Abnur Tharn. The traitor Mannimarco was replaced with the hero Vestige. They intend to stop Planemeld. However, before they can challenge Molag Bal, they need to recover Amulet of Kings and defeat the King of Worms...

{FIVE2_TITLE}Tamrielic Invasion of Coldharbour!
{FIVE2_BODY}Five Companions have retrieved the amulet of kings! The Vestige has come to your capital, asking yout to provide your best man for an invasion into Coldharbour. This is the only chance to stop Planemeld, you should take it, as with Molag Bal interference you can never bring peace to Tamriel and defeat other alliances... \n\n  ( For the next part Mannimarco must be killed, will happen in 5 turns or afterwards on the turn he dies)

{FIVE3_TITLE}You have entered Coldharbour!
{FIVE3_BODY}You have managed the unimaginable, you have entered the Coldharbour to challenge Molag Bal himself. However, your forces are scattered across Coldharbour... You should first gather your men in Hollow City, where you can recruit more men from the souls lost in Coldharbour. You must use this chance, and help The Vestige defeat Molag Bal to end Planemeld!

{FIVE4_TITLE}Planemeld is over!
{FIVE4_BODY}Your armies have defeated Molag Bal. Hero Vestige, mantling the power of Akatosh, faced the Deadric Prince in single combat and banished him to the Void, freeing the souls he had captured and ensuring an end to the Planemeld. No more dark anchors shall from the sky...  \n\n  Now you can finally focus on defeating the other alliances and bringing peace to Tamriel under your reign! 

{COV_ATTACKERS1_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Rihad!
{COV_ATTACKERS1_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Rihad!

{COV_ATTACKERS2_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Jehanna!
{COV_ATTACKERS2_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Jehanna!

{COV_ATTACKERS3_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Abibon-Gorah!
{COV_ATTACKERS3_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Abibon-Gorah!

{COV_ATTACKERS4_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Anticler!
{COV_ATTACKERS4_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Anticler!

{COV_ATTACKERS5_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Stros!
{COV_ATTACKERS5_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Stros!

{COV_ATTACKERS6_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Dragonstar!
{COV_ATTACKERS6_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Dragonstar!

{COV_ATTACKERS7_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Farrun!
{COV_ATTACKERS7_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Farrun!

{COV_ATTACKERS8_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Kozanset!
{COV_ATTACKERS8_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Kozanset!

{COV_ATTACKERS9_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Camlorn!
{COV_ATTACKERS9_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Camlorn!

{COV_ATTACKERS10_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Frostbreak Fortress!
{COV_ATTACKERS10_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Frostbreak Fortress!

{COV_ATTACKERS11_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Taneth!
{COV_ATTACKERS11_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Taneth!

{COV_ATTACKERS12_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Daggerfall!
{COV_ATTACKERS12_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Daggerfall!

{COV_ATTACKERS13_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Orsinium!
{COV_ATTACKERS13_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Orsinium!

{COV_ATTACKERS14_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Sentinel!
{COV_ATTACKERS14_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Sentinel!

{COV_ATTACKERS15_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Wayrest!
{COV_ATTACKERS15_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Wayrest!

{DOM_ATTACKERS1_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Corinth!
{DOM_ATTACKERS1_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Corinth!

{DOM_ATTACKERS2_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Southpoint!
{DOM_ATTACKERS2_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Southpoint!

{DOM_ATTACKERS3_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Lillandril!
{DOM_ATTACKERS3_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Lillandril!

{DOM_ATTACKERS4_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Darvulk!
{DOM_ATTACKERS4_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Darvulk!

{DOM_ATTACKERS5_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Dusk!
{DOM_ATTACKERS5_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Dusk!

{DOM_ATTACKERS6_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Orcrest!
{DOM_ATTACKERS6_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Orcrest!

{DOM_ATTACKERS7_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Valkwasten!
{DOM_ATTACKERS7_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Valkwasten!

{DOM_ATTACKERS8_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Cloudrest!
{DOM_ATTACKERS8_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Cloudrest!

{DOM_ATTACKERS9_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Senchal!
{DOM_ATTACKERS9_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Senchal!

{DOM_ATTACKERS10_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Woodheart!
{DOM_ATTACKERS10_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Woodheart!

{DOM_ATTACKERS11_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Vulkhel!
{DOM_ATTACKERS11_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Vulkhel!

{DOM_ATTACKERS12_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Dune!
{DOM_ATTACKERS12_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Dune!

{DOM_ATTACKERS13_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Elden Root!
{DOM_ATTACKERS13_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Elden Root!

{DOM_ATTACKERS14_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Torval!
{DOM_ATTACKERS14_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Torval!

{DOM_ATTACKERS15_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Alinor!
{DOM_ATTACKERS15_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Alinor!


{PACT_ATTACKERS1_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Balmora!
{PACT_ATTACKERS1_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Balmora!

{PACT_ATTACKERS2_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Whiterun!
{PACT_ATTACKERS2_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Whiterun!

{PACT_ATTACKERS3_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Rockgrove!
{PACT_ATTACKERS3_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Rockgrove!

{PACT_ATTACKERS4_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Silgrad!
{PACT_ATTACKERS4_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Silgrad!

{PACT_ATTACKERS5_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Markarth!
{PACT_ATTACKERS5_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Markarth!

{PACT_ATTACKERS6_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Thir!
{PACT_ATTACKERS6_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Thir!

{PACT_ATTACKERS7_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Blackrose!
{PACT_ATTACKERS7_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Blackrose!

{PACT_ATTACKERS8_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Dawnstar!
{PACT_ATTACKERS8_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Dawnstar!

{PACT_ATTACKERS9_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Vivek city!
{PACT_ATTACKERS9_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Vivek city!

{PACT_ATTACKERS10_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Gideon!
{PACT_ATTACKERS10_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Gideon!

{PACT_ATTACKERS11_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Solitude!
{PACT_ATTACKERS11_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Solitude!

{PACT_ATTACKERS12_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Ebonhearth!
{PACT_ATTACKERS12_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Ebonhearth!

{PACT_ATTACKERS13_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Stormhold!
{PACT_ATTACKERS13_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Stormhold!

{PACT_ATTACKERS14_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Windhelm!
{PACT_ATTACKERS14_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Windhelm!

{PACT_ATTACKERS15_TITLE}Dark Anchors in Mournhold!
{PACT_ATTACKERS15_BODY}Worm Cultists has summoned the Dark Anchores in Mournhold!

{THE_NORMANS_EMERGE_TITLE}Maormer raiders spotted!
{THE_NORMANS_EMERGE_BODY}The nations of south western Tamriel should watch carefully their southern borders, for it have been reported that a large host of the Maormer have left Pyandonea for an unknown purpose, led by Serpent King Orgnum himself...

{MAORMER_ARRIVES_1_TITLE}Maormer raiders spotted!
{MAORMER_ARRIVES_1_BODY}The nations of south western Tamriel should watch carefully their southern borders, for it have been reported that a large host of the Maormer have left Pyandonea for an unknown purpose, led by Serpent King Orgnum himself...

{MAORMER_ARRIVES_2_TITLE}Second Wave of Maormer raiders!
{MAORMER_ARRIVES_2_BODY}Eventhough most of the maormer have been finally pushed back to the sea, the people of Tamriel cant rest, as it appears that new wave of Maormer raiders is coming...

{THE_ASHLANDERS_EMERGE_TITLE}A mighty fleet spotted in the East!
{THE_ASHLANDERS_EMERGE_BODY}Rumours about a new danger spread across eastern Tamriel... Those sailors who survived claim that they have seen a large fleet of hostile ships of an unknown powerful nation in the eastern waters... some claim that the raiders come from the legendary Akavir...

{AKAVIR_ARRIVES_1_TITLE}A mighty fleet spotted in the East!
{AKAVIR_ARRIVES_1_BODY}Rumours about a new danger spread across eastern Tamriel... Those sailors who survived claim that they have seen a large fleet of hostile ships of an unknown powerful nation in the eastern waters... some claim that the raiders come from the legendary Akavir...

{AKAVIR_ARRIVES_2_TITLE}Second Wave of Akaviri invasion!
{AKAVIR_ARRIVES_2_BODY}After many bloody battles against the Akaviri, the inhabitants of eastern Tamriel hoped the threat is coming to an end. However, sailors report that there is a new wave of ships coming from the east...

{THE_ALTMER_EMERGE_TITLE}Thalmor Emerges
{THE_ALTMER_EMERGE_BODY}Thalmor radicals emerge, can they be stopped from overthrowing the ancient Summerset Monarchy?

{THE_COLOVIA_EMERGE_TITLE}Cyrodiil Emerges
{THE_COLOVIA_EMERGE_BODY}Unhappy with how the Empire is being governed, many nobles and generals rise up in answer. Will they succed in reforming the Empire?

{THE_SCOTLAND_EMERGE_TITLE}Eastmarch Emerges
{THE_SCOTLAND_EMERGE_BODY}Eventhough Eastmarch and other rebellious Holds were conquered, once again they fall to the hands of those who oppose the High King

{ALTMER_EMERGE_TITLE}Thalmor Emerges
{ALTMER_EMERGE_BODY}Thalmor radicals emerge, can they be stopped from overthrowing the ancient Summerset Monarchy?

{COLOVIA_EMERGE_TITLE}Cyrodiil Emerges
{COLOVIA_EMERGE_BODY}Unhappy with how the Empire is being governed, many nobles and generals rise up in answer. Will they succed in reforming the Empire?

{SCOTLAND_EMERGE_TITLE}Eastmarch
{SCOTLAND_EMERGE_BODY}Eventhough Eastmarch and other rebellious Holds were conquered, once again they fall to the hands of those who oppose the High King

{VAREN_EMERGE_TITLE}Cyrodiil Emerges
{VAREN_EMERGE_BODY}For long has the imperial nobles suffered under the rule of the reachmen Longhouse Dynasty. However, due to the death of Durcorach and his son Moricar, the reachmen are now severely weakened, lead only be incompetent Leovic. Thus the Colovians led by Count Varen Aquilarios lead the rebellion to overthrow them, and return Cyrodiil to the imperials, nibenayens and colovians. Both sides seek the alliance of powerful House Tharn of Nibenay... Which side shall High Chancellor Abnur Tharn choose?

{HERITANCE_EMERGE_TITLE}Thalmor Emerges
{HERITANCE_EMERGE_BODY}Unhappy with tolerant politics of Summerset Monarchy towards the others races of Tamriel, especially The Bosmers and Khajiit, many altmer veterans and nobles rise up in attempt to change the politics, and to prove that the altmers are the Superior race.

{MEDE_EMERGE_TITLE}Mede Emerges
{MEDE_EMERGE_BODY}After the death of Chancellor Ocato, the Empire is falling into a chaos. A powerful Colovian Warlord Titus Mede rise up in attempt to seize the Ruby Throne, will he succeed, or fail as many others before him?

{SK_HEIRS1_TITLE}No heir to Solitude
{SK_HEIRS1_BODY}When the traitor Ulfric killed high king Torygg, son of Istlod, Torygg's heirs have been still too young to rule Haafingar, and possibly Skyrim. Thus until they reach a sufficient age, rightful queen Elisif shall rule as regent. Her skills shall be put to a test, as she has to defend her sons claim from the rebels, while making sure jarls remain loyal.

{SK_HEIRS2_TITLE}The end of regency
{SK_HEIRS2_BODY}Rejoice, young king Thrynn has finally reached a suitable age to become a jarl, and thus he is now also able to pursue his claim to the high kingship

{SK_HEIRS3_TITLE}Prince Thorgar
{SK_HEIRS3_BODY}Prince Thorgar has finished his training, and is now ready to fight for Haafingar

{DUNGEONS_TITLE}Alchemy, Dungeons, Missions and Guilds
{DUNGEONS_BODY}This version brings an entirely new feature, the Dungeons. There are many of them all over the map, controlled by inactive Dungeon faction (play with characters labels on, so you see the dungeons names). The Fighters and Mages Guild gives you various contracts and quests to conquer them, with great and unique rewards, based on your guild rank, so attacking the dungeons only when ordered by The Guild is highly advised(not availible to evil factions). You can take the dungeons on your own, but the reward in that case is minimal... only perhaps artifacts that you can randomly find there. \n\n Apart from that, there are now many lore guilds and missions (all generic vanilla content removed or transformed), and the high majority of those lore missions are tied to guilds. So whenever the guild is offered to be built in your settlements, dont hesitate to accept, it will open many new possibilities for you. There are 5 guilds shared over all/majority of factions - Fighters, Mages, Dark Brotherhood, Thieves and Necromancers Guilds and then there are many culture or faction specific ones, you can check your building browser in your settlement to see which are availible to your faction (check the missions article on moddb to see more details). The factions specific guilds may represent various factions, such as Thalmor, Divines Knight Orders, or for example The Slavers Guild.\n\n Alchemy has also been implemented in the game. To be able to begin gathering alchemy ingredients and craft potions, your character must first receive an Alchemy level trait. A character may receive it by staying in settlements with building from Alchemy Academia chain. Afterwards, you will find more instructions in the description of the trait.

{BLACK_DEATH_1_BODY}The dire plague that healerss have now dubbed "Khanaten Plague" is continuing its destructive trail through Tamriel. Is the end truly nigh? Is this our judgement, and has the deities finally decided that we are all too wretched to live?!
{BLACK_DEATH_1_TITLE}The Khanaten Plague
{BLACK_DEATH_2_BODY}Life in the civilised world has become more morbid and bleak than in known history. Every man woman and child is accustomed to the sight of their people stacked in piles before being burned... In the vain hope that the fires may cleanse this foul doom from the land.\n\nAlthough not everyone is falling victim to its deadly embrace, the plague is still decimating the population everywhere it travels.
{BLACK_DEATH_2_TITLE}The Khanaten Plague Spreads
{BLACK_DEATH_3_BODY}While the lands that were first stricken by the Khanaten Plague are beginning to discover a life beyond the plague, many places that had been spared this doom are now feeling its full effects.\n\nThough talk of this truly being the end is becoming less likely with enough survivors to prove the point, this creeping doom is still the most feared thing to stalk the lands of Tamriel for even the bravest of men, being dubbed "Khanaten Plague" these days.
{BLACK_DEATH_3_TITLE}The Khanaten Plague Continues
{BLACK_DEATH_4_BODY}It would appear that the Khanaten Plague has worked most of its deadly misery upon Nirn... We have been saved by the Aedra!\n\nAside from some unfortunate destinations at the end of the major trade routes where the plague is a more recent tyrant, the risk of contracting the Khanaten Plague appears to now be negligible. Now those who rule the survivors may struggle over what remains of former powerful realms.
{BLACK_DEATH_4_TITLE}The Khanaten Plague Passes
{BLACK_DEATH_HITS_BODY}A plague of unfathomable proportions has made its way from Blackmarsh, where it is said to have already ended an untold number of lives. The victims find their skin covered in dark blotches, as they enter a terrible fever and sickness which ultimately leads to a painful and miserable death.\n\nWhile scholars, mages and alchemists cannot agree on the exact cause of this deadly plague, the threat it poses men of all faiths is plain for all to see.
{BLACK_DEATH_HITS_TITLE}Khanaten Plague

{DRAGONS_TITLE}Dragon Raid
{DRAGONS_BODY}Dragons have awoken...

{ERUPTION_TITLE}Volcano Erupts
{ERUPTION_BODY}By The Daedra! This volcano has erupted most violently, burying many hapless souls in ash and molten rock. What vile blasphemy has brought this upon the world?

{INFO_SUPPLY_COSTS_INFO_BODY}\nThe supply system makes you pay for your armies (ie generals) staying in the enemy lands, travelling by boat or besieging an enemy settlement. The amount of money depends on the traits and ancillaries of the relevant general. If he's got no specialised ones (like Logistician), the costs may be very significant. Take note that these costs will not be shown in the financial panel, they will be automatically deducted from your treasury (money will just disappear between turns). This deduction will be communicated to you in the traits of the characters and in the messages popping up at the start of your turn. You pay for CAPTAINS as well - the same price as you would pay for low skilled general.  \n_______________________________________________ \n\nThis system significantly increases the difficulty of game. It requires you to check often the traits of your generals and to tailor your decisions to what is financially feasible based on those traits. It is operational only at the Very Hard campaign difficulty. If you find it too difficult or you simply do not wish to bother with such minute decision-making factors, simply start the game again with a different difficulty.
{INFO_SUPPLY_COSTS_INFO_TITLE}Army Supply Costs

¬________________THE KING AND THE CRUSADER_________________
¬________________THE CRUSADER_________________

{KNC_PEL_MES_EMP_TITLE}MYSTERIOUS PROPHET
{KNC_PEL_MES_EMP_BODY}My Lord! We have heard rumors about a strange old man who preaches in the city of Anvil. He says that the ancient Ayleid Sorcerer king Umaril the Unfeathered has risen from the dead and is accumulating his powers in the Ayleid ruins of Garlas Malatar. According to a prophecy that he relentlessly repeats, only the knight who will collect the relics of Pelinal Whitestrake and revive the Order of the Knights of the Nine can fight him back. Crazy elders are not uncommon in our area, but many of both the rabble and the nobility listen to this Prophet. Perhaps we should try to lead this new cult before we scatter it?
\n\n
CONDITIONS: YOU HAVE TO BUILT WAYSHRINES OF THE NINE IN THE FOLLOWING CITIES: ANVIL, BRAVIL, BRUMA, SKINGRAD, CHORROL, CHEYDINHAL, LEYAWIIN, KVATCH, AND BUILT THE PRIORY OF THE NINE IN SKINGRAD

{KNC_PEL_MES_CRW_TITLE}MYSTERIOUS PROPHET
{KNC_PEL_MES_CRW_BODY}My Lord! We have heard rumors about a strange old man who preaches in the city of Anvil. He says that the ancient Ayleid Sorcerer king Umaril the Unfeathered has risen from the dead and is accumulating his powers in the Ayleid ruins of Garlas Malatar. According to a prophecy that he relentlessly repeats, only the knight who will collect the relics of Pelinal Whitestrake and revive the Order of the Knights of the Nine can fight him back. Crazy elders are not uncommon in our area, but many of both the rabble and the nobility listen to this Prophet. Perhaps we should try to lead this new cult before we scatter it?
\n\n
CONDITIONS: YOU HAVE TO BUILT WAYSHRINES OF THE NINE IN THE FOLLOWING CITIES: TANETH, RIHAD, SKAVEN (Hallins Stand), HEGATHE, VERKARTH AND BUILT THE PRIORY OF THE NINE IN TANETH

{KNC_PEL_MES_FRB_TITLE}MYSTERIOUS PROPHET
{KNC_PEL_MES_FRB_BODY}My Lord! We have heard rumors about a strange old man who preaches in the city of Anvil. He says that the ancient Ayleid Sorcerer king Umaril the Unfeathered has risen from the dead and is accumulating his powers in the Ayleid ruins of Garlas Malatar. According to a prophecy that he relentlessly repeats, only the knight who will collect the relics of Pelinal Whitestrake and revive the Order of the Knights of the Nine can fight him back. Crazy elders are not uncommon in our area, but many of both the rabble and the nobility listen to this Prophet. Perhaps we should try to lead this new cult before we scatter it?
\n\n
CONDITIONS: YOU HAVE TO BUILT WAYSHRINES OF THE NINE IN THE FOLLOWING CITIES: TANETH, SENTINEL, SKAVEN (Hallins Stand), LAINLYN, VULNIM AND BUILT THE PRIORY OF THE NINE IN TANETH

{KNC_WS_COMPLETED_HE_TITLE}PRIORY OF THE NINE
{KNC_WS_COMPLETED_HE_BODY}My Lord! The wayshrines have been erected! Now you need to build the Priory of the Nine in Skingrad.

{KNC_WS_COMPLETED_HE_CRW_TITLE}RIORY OF THE NINE
{KNC_WS_COMPLETED_HE_CRW_BODY}My Lord! The wayshrines have been erected! Now you need to build the Priory of the Nine in Taneth.

{KNC_TITLE}Threat of Garlas Malatar
{KNC_BODY}My Lord! It seems that the rumors about the appearance of the Ayleids in Garlas Malatar turned out to be true. Several secluded churches on our distant borders were attacked by mysterious warriors in golden armor, and later left in the direction of these ruins. The sacred altars were desecrated, and the parishioners were killed with special cruelty. But there is good news: a knight who calls himself the Divine Crusader, who possesses the relics of Pelinal Whitestrake, has appeared to the walls of the Priory of Nine, which was recently erected by us. He was surrounded by dozens of followers with the symbol of the Order of the Nine. This warrior claims to be ready to challenge the Sorcerer king and calls all the loyal servants of the Nine to follow him. Will we support the Divine Crusader in this difficult battle?

{KNC_ACCEPTED_TITLE}WE SUPPORTED THE CRUSADER
{KNC_ACCEPTED_BODY}We have agreed to unite with the Knights of the Nine and fight Umaril. Our loyal warriors have gone to Garlas Malatar to fight this terrible foe.

{KNC_DECLINED_TITLE}REFUSAL TO THE CRUSADER
{KNC_DECLINED_BODY}We refused to support this newly minted sect. The Knights of the Nine will travel to Garlas Malatar without our help. It is unlikely that they will be successful.

{KNC_WON_BATTLE_TITLE}UMARIL IS DEFEATED!
{KNC_WON_BATTLE_BODY}Nine Divines sent us victory! Umaril the Unfeated is defeated and will never be revived, his fortress lies in ruins, and his vile minions have been slain. The Divine Crusader recognizes our state as the most faithful follower of the Nine Divines and swears that from now on the Knights of the Nine will defend our lands from the encroachments of heretics until their last breath. Praised be Akatosh and all the Divines!
\n\n
FROM THE NEXT TURN YOU WILL BE ABLE TO RECRUIT UNITS OF THE ORDER OF THE NINE

{KNC_LOST_BATTLE_TITLE}The Holy army has fallen!
{KNC_LOST_BATTLE_BODY}Despite all the efforts of our warriors and the brave Knights of the Nine, the treacherous Umaril has won! Our army has been defeated, and his minions will continue to sow fear and terror in the vastness of Tamriel!

¬________________THE KING_________________

{KNC_UM_MES_TITLE}MYSTERIOUS WOMAN
{KNC_UM_MES_BODY}My king! A mysterious woman in a gray robe has visited our courtyard. She says that in the ancient ruins of Garlas Malatar, on the Gold Coast, the revived Ayleid Sorcerer king Umaril the Unfeathered has settled and a mighty army is gathering under his command. This ancient demigod is willing to forge an alliance with his mer brothers if we help him occupy the imperial city of Anvil and raise Garlas Malatar from the ruins. The Messenger says that not only the ancient Ayleid golems who have guarded these ruins for centuries are under the leadership of Umaril, but also his undead companions-liches and the creepy Aurorans. Such an alliance can help mas in the upcoming war with our northern enemies.
\n\n
CONDITIONS: YOU HAVE TO CAPTURE THE CITY OF ANVIL AND REBUILD GARLAS MALATAR FROM THE ASHES

{KNC_ANVIL_CAPT_TITLE}ANVIL IS CAPTURED!
{KNC_ANVIL_CAPT_BODY}My king! The human city of Anvil has been captured! We can now rebuild the ancient city of Garlas Malatar so that Umaril the Unfeathered will join us.

{KNC_UM_TITLE}UNEXPECTED THREAT!
{KNC_UM_BODY}Anvil is captured and Garlas Malatar is rebuilt from the ruins. But it is too early to celebrate victory: Umaril's messengers say that a host of religious fanatics, who call themselves the Knights of the Nine, are marching to his stronghold now, and they are led by a warrior who is called the Divine Crusader and possesses the relics of Pelinal Whitestrake himself, the legendary enemy of the Mer. Will we help our new allies in battle or will we turn our back on them?

{KNC_UM_ACCEPTED_TITLE}WE SUPPORTED UMARIL
{KNC_UM_ACCEPTED_BODY}We have agreed to help Umaril protect Garlas Malatar. Our best warriors went there to defend this stronghold against fanatics.

{KNC_UM_DECLINED_TITLE}REFUSAL OF UMARIL
{KNC_UM_DECLINED_BODY}We refused to help Umaril the Unfeathered. What is the use of such an ally if he himself cannot cope with a bunch of sectarians who imagine themselves to be knights?

{KNC_UM_WON_BATTLE_TITLE}Order of the Nine has fallen!
{KNC_UM_WON_BATTLE_BODY}The gods have sent us victory! Thanks to the courage of our warriors and the magic of the Ayleids, we managed to hold onto Garlas Malatar and defeat the army of fanatics. The Divine Crusader has died, and the relics of the murderer are lost and will no longer desecrate this world. Umaril guarantees us his support, which means that fearless golems, ancient Ayleid mages and mighty Aurorans will now join the ranks of our warriors.
\n\n
FROM THE NEXT TURN YOU WILL BE ABLE TO RECRUIT THE AYLEID WARRIORS IN GARLAS MALATAR

{KNC_UM_LOST_BATTLE_TITLE}GARLAS MALATAR IS LOST!
{KNC_UM_LOST_BATTLE_BODY}Despite all the tenacity of our warriors and the power of the Ayleid magic, the Divine Crusader and his fanatics managed to win. Umaril and his Aurorans have been defeated, and the sectarians who called themselves the Knights of the Nine will now come to our lands and sow their perverted religion among our people. Perhaps this is the punishment of the gods for our disgusting alliance with Umaril ...

{OBGATE_TRAVEL_TITLE}OBLIVION GATES TRAVEL!
{OBGATE_TRAVEL_BODY}In this scenario, it is possible to use Oblivion Gates. You can travel both ways, into Deadlands in Oblivion, as well as into Tamriel. You use them simply by putting a character at the gate. The character should be moved immediately, once you reselect the character. All the gates in Tamriel leads to the gate in Deadlands, where a mighty dadric Sigil Keep stands... When you travel from the Deadlands via the gate, one of the gates in Tamriel is randomly picked as a destination. If Martin Septim is succesful and kills Mehrunes Dagon, the Oblivion gate travel will be disabled.

{VV_HELSETH_TITLE}The King has arrived!
{VV_HELSETH_BODY}The King of Morrowind, Helseth Hlaalu, has arrived in Vvardenfell, to oversee the progress of Hlaalu holdings.

{VV_ALMA_TITLE}Almalexia arrives!
{VV_ALMA_BODY}Almalexia, the queen goddess of Morrowind, has arrived in Vvardenfell, for the occasion of a new Tribunal shrine being built.

{VV_EMP_TITLE}The Emperor arrives!
{VV_EMP_BODY}As the power of the imperials in Vvardenfell grows, the emperor of Tamriel Empire, Uriel Septim, has arrived.
